Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Butterfly Labs - Bitcoin Mining Hardware uses and protects any information that you give Butterfly Labs - Bitcoin Mining Hardware when you use this website. Butterfly Labs - Bitcoin Mining Hardware is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Butterfly Labs - Bitcoin Mining Hardware may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.We may collect the following information:
name
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
For the exhaustive list of cookies we collect see the List of cookies we collect section.We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.

We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at office@butterflylabs.com
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to 10770 El Monte Leawood, KS 66211 United States of America.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.

COOKIE NAME	COOKIE DESCRIPTION
CART	The association with your shopping cart.
CATEGORY_INFO	Stores the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly.
COMPARE	The items that you have in the Compare Products list.
CURRENCY	Your preferred currency
CUSTOMER	An encrypted version of your customer id with the store.
CUSTOMER_AUTH	An indicator if you are currently logged into the store.
CUSTOMER_INFO	An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.
CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS	Stores the Customer Segment ID
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE	A flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not.
FRONTEND	You sesssion ID on the server.
GUEST-VIEW	Allows guests to edit their orders.
LAST_CATEGORY	The last category you visited.
LAST_PRODUCT	The most recent product you have viewed.
NEWMESSAGE	Indicates whether a new message has been received.
NO_CACHE	Indicates whether it is allowed to use cache.
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART	A link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site.
POLL	The ID of any polls you have recently voted in.
POLLN	Information on what polls you have voted on.
RECENTLYCOMPARED	The items that you have recently compared.
STF	Information on products you have emailed to friends.
STORE	The store view or language you have selected.
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE	Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.
VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS	The products that you have recently viewed.
WISHLIST	An encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist.
WISHLIST_CNT	The number of items in your Wishlist.Revised and posted as of: May 10, 2013

Investopedia is committed to safeguarding your privacy online. Please read the following statement to understand how your personal information will be treated as you make full use of the Investopedia website. The Investopedia website is owned and operated by Investopedia, a ValueClick, Inc. company.

If you have any questions regarding our privacy statement, please first contact us by e-mail at privacy@investopedia.com.Please read this policy carefully since by visiting the Investopedia website and/or sharing information with us, you agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy. The Privacy Policy may be revised or updated at any time by us. This page was last updated as of the date at the top of this Privacy Policy.Our primary goal in collecting user information is to enhance your experience on our website. Generally Investopedia.com ("Site" or "we", "our" or "us") does not collect, store, use or disclose any data collected with an intention to personally identify and/or contact a person such as: name, address, telephone number or e-mail address (hereinafter "PII") except in specific instances, for example, when you provide PII through registering on the Site or as set forth in this Privacy Policy. Whenever we collect such PII, it will be governed by this Privacy Policy. Also governed by this Privacy Policy is our use of aggregated (data gathered and compiled across all user accounts) information, which helps us develop content targeted to users' interests and to better the website user experience. Investopedia is committed to your privacy and, other than as provided herein or after receiving your specific consent, Investopedia will not share any PII with any third party at any time, unless required by law or to fulfill products or services associated with this Site.This Privacy Policy covers the website Investopedia.com and the transactions listed within this Privacy Policy

Please be aware that Investopedia sponsors, advertisers, and partners or affiliates who have co-branded modules or sections on Investopedia may collect personally identifiable information about you while on our website. The information practices of those parties are not covered by this privacy statement. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies only to information collected by this Site.

Investopedia users should also be aware that, when you voluntarily disclose personal information in chat areas or bulletin boards, that information may be collected by others and may result in unsolicited messages from others. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums.NoneInvestopedia does not collect personally identifying information about any individual Investopedia website user except when knowingly provided by such individual. For example, we may ask you for information, such as your e-mail address, title and industry when you register to become a member of Investopedia. You may also provide information to Investopedia in other contexts, including, for example, in order to register for the Stock Simulator or to enter into a sweepstakes or promotion. In the event you order something from Investopedia or one of our co-branded websites, we may request additional personal information, such as your address, telephone number and payment information, in order to complete the purchase. In order to further enhance the website user experience and target content to users' interests, we may also supplement the data you provide to us with data from data append services (where other information may be added to the information you provide). You always have the option not to provide the information we request. If you choose not to provide the information we request, you can still visit most of the Investopedia website, but you may be unable to access certain options and services. When you register or become a member of Investopedia or provide information to Investopedia in any other manner, you agree to provide only true, accurate, current and complete information.A cookie is a small data file that is written to your computer's hard drive by your web browser. A cookie file can contain information, such as a user identification code, that a website will use to track the pages and number of times you have visited. Investopedia uses cookies to track web and advertising analytics throughout Investopedia and its affiliate websites and to remember your custom video playlists, preferences, job title, story ratings (if you have provided any), and membership status so that you don't have to login each time you visit the website. The data read from these cookies may be linked to personally identifying (PII) and non-personally identifying (non-PII) information.

We also use browser plug-in cookies on our site, including Flash cookies, also known as "local shared objects," to perform similar functions as browser cookies. Like normal browser cookies, these cookies are represented as small files stored on your computer. One method of preventing Flash cookies from being placed is to adjust your preferences in the Macromedia Website Privacy Settings Panel at macromedia.com.

Business partners of Investopedia, vendors providing hosting and other services for Investopedia, third party analytics providers, as well as advertisers who contract directly with a third-party service to serve their advertisements on our website may set their own unique cookies through your browser. We do not have access to these cookies or any information that they may contain. All such third-party cookies are not governed by this Privacy Policy, but by the privacy policy of such third party. If you would like more information about this practice and about your option not to accept cookies placed by these companies, please click here.

Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser settings to display a warning before accepting a cookie, choose to accept cookies only from certain websites or to refuse all cookies. However, if you choose to disable the receipt of cookies from our website, you may not be able to use certain features of the site. To learn more about the use of cookies in online advertising including how to manage or delete them click here.We use web beacons (invisible images often referred to as pixel tags or clear GIFs) on our sites in order to recognize users, assess traffic patterns, identify preferred content and measure site engagement. We also include web beacons in our e-mail messages, including newsletters, in order to count how many e-mail messages have been opened.

Investopedia also uses a reputable third party to collect information, including through the use of web beacons, browser cookies and other tracking technologies. Traffic or Clickstream Data ("Clickstream Data"). Clickstream Data consists of traffic and usage data that is not personally identifiable. We do not supplement or combine Clickstream Data with any PII. We may share Clickstream Data we collect with certain selected third parties and ValueClick Entities, but only in anonymous form. Notwithstanding the foregoing, such third parties and ValueClick Entities may combine such Clickstream Data with any PII that you choose to give to such third parties or ValueClick Entities when registering with their websites. We collect Clickstream Data regarding use of our services by observing browser functions and the files (pages) you access. For example, our servers collect information about the site to which you may redirect to in order to enable us to calculate and receive payments from our business partners. In addition, we may use Clickstream Data to better design our services.Investopedia web and ad servers log information about a site user's IP address, browser type and the current URL the user is requesting. This information is always provided by each and every user's browser. These log files are stored in a secure location and may be used in an anonymous manner in our internal analysis of traffic patterns within our website and with specific third parties contracted by Investopedia. This information is automatically logged by most websites.Widgets are small content modules that users can embed on their own sites. We offer widgets that are hosted on Investopedia, like our embeddable video player, as well as widgets that are powered by 3rd party vendors. Use of the Investopedia widgets is subject to the Investopedia terms of use, but downloading or embedding these widgets on other websites is not covered by this privacy statement.Our primary goal in collecting user information is to enhance your experience on our website.To develop and provide content and advertising to you that is targeted to your interests, we use the analytics collected by the systems described above to determine which areas of our website you prefer based upon the frequency of your visits and engagement with those areas. We may also make reasonable geographic and demographic assumptions based on your presented IP address to target relevant content and advertising.

The Non-PII collected by such parties on our Site and other websites may be used in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, please click on the following link: NAI Website. Although we choose our business partners and clients carefully, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such third parties. You should check the applicable privacy policies of these third-party advertisers to determine how they handle any information they collect from you.To enhance your experience we may provide you with interactive communications, such as our electronic newsletters, to the e-mail address that you provide to us. Such interactive communications are provided only to those users who have expressly provided us with their permission to receive them as part of their user profile.

From time to time we may provide e-mails highlighting new features, promotions or contests on the website to those users who have expressly provided us with their permission to send such communications as part of their user profile.Registered users may change the information stored in their member profile such as e-mail address, zip code, country, title and industry, and they may elect to stop receiving newsletters or marketing material from Investopedia or on behalf of external third party business partners. Users may choose to stop receiving such communications at any time by visiting the "To unsubscribe or change your email settings" link found at the end of any such e-mail received.Technical Services

We use third parties to provide processing, e-mail service providers and hosting services on our site. When you are on an area of Investopedia and are asked for personal information, you are sharing that information with Investopedia as well as business partners and vendors providing hosting and other services for Investopedia. When you sign up for such services, we will share your personally identifiable information as necessary for the third party to provide that service. These third parties are prohibited from using your personally identifiable information for any other purpose. If you do not want your information to be shared, you can choose not to allow the transfer of your information by not using that particular service.
In addition, if you provide any personally identifiable information via an advertiser promotion, please be aware you are directly providing your personally identifiable information to that advertiser.

Contests or Surveys
From time-to-time we may provide you the opportunity to participate in contests or surveys on our site. If you participate, we will request certain personally identifiable information from you, such as your name and e-mail. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. We use this personally identifiable information to notify contest winners and award prizes. We may use a third party service provider to conduct these surveys or contests; that company will be prohibited from using our users personally identifiable information for any other purpose. We will not share the personally identifiable information you provide through a contest or survey with other third parties unless we give you prior notice and choice.

Email Referral
We also have features that allow you to send an e-mail to yourself and/or others about an item on our site. If you choose to use our e-mail referral service, you will be required to provide the e-mail address or addresses that will be used in the notification. Upon form submission an e-mail will be generated to your recipient(s) inviting them to visit the URL you have recommended. We do not store this information other than for the sole purpose of sending this one-time e-mail.Investopedia derives the majority of its revenue from advertising and sharing information is essential to keeping our services affordable to users. In order to attract and retain advertisers we use the aggregated, anonymous information that we gather (as well as information from third-party market researchers) to describe our services to partners and to assist our advertisers and sponsors to better understand our audience. We do not disclose personally identifying information about our users to these parties.We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, such as handling the processing and delivery of newsletter mailings, processing transactions, or performing statistical analysis of our services. We will only provide those companies the information they need to deliver the service. In some instances these companies may collect information directly from you (such as for credit card processing for the purchase of investment newsletters). In these cases, you will be notified of the involvement of the external service provider. In all cases, these companies are subject to agreements that require them to maintain the confidentiality of your information and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.The ownership of Investopedia may change at some point in the future. Should that occur, we want this site to be able to maintain a relationship with you. In the event of a sale, merger, public offering, bankruptcy or other change in control of Investopedia your information may be shared with the person or business that owns or controls this site. Opting out of receiving information from third parties will not affect our right to transfer your information to a new owner, but your choices will continue to be respected regarding the use of your information. You will be notified as described below in "How will I know if the Privacy Policy is changed."Investopedia may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to conform to the edicts of the law or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order or legal process served on Investopedia or to protect and defend the rights or property of Investopedia.Your information is stored on Investopedia's servers located in the United States. We use industry standard procedural and technical safeguards to protect your personal information against loss or theft as well as unauthorized access and disclosure to protect your privacy, including encryption, "firewalls" and the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). We treat data as an asset that must be protected against loss and unauthorized access. We employ many different security techniques to protect such data from unauthorized access by users inside and outside the company. However, "perfect security" does not exist on the Internet and you acknowledge and agree to assume this risk when communicating with us.

Data Processing/Safe Harbor
FOR EUROPEAN UNION AND SWISS CITIZENS.
The European Union ("EU") maintains strict privacy laws. These rules differ significantly from U.S. laws. To reconcile these differences, the U.S. and the EU have created a safe harbor (“U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework”) that defines mutually acceptable privacy operations. The U.S. and Switzerland have created a similar safe harbor (“U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework”). For more information see www.export.gov/safeharbor.

Investopedia complies with the U.S.-EU and U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Frameworks as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland. We have certified that we adhere to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view the company's certification, please visit http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/.

In compliance with the U.S.-EU and U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Privacy Principles, Investopedia commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information. European Union or Swiss citizens with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact Investopedia at privacy@investopedia.com

Investopedia has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the U.S.-EU and U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Privacy Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR, operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed by Investopedia please visit the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR website at www.bbb.org/us/safe-harbor-complaints for more information and to file a complaint.Kids under 13: Do not send any information about yourself to us, including information such as your name, address, or e-mail address. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. In the event that we learn we have collected any personal information from a child under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information from our database as quickly as possible.

How to Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding our privacy statement, please feel free to contact us by e-mail at privacy@investopedia.com. We read every message submitted and try to reply promptly to every one. Our mailing address is Suite 200, 4208-97th Street, Edmonton, Alberta, Canada T6E5Z9.

How Will I Know if the Privacy Policy Is Changed?
This statement may change from time to time, so please check back periodically. Any material changes to our Privacy Policy will be posted to this statement, the Investopedia home page, and other places we deem appropriate.Oddschecker is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. We use information we collect about you to provide you with the Services contained in our websites located at www.oddschecker.com, www.oddschecker.co.uk and other associated URLs displaying this privacy statement. We appreciate that you do not wish us to circulate your personal details on an indiscriminate basis. This document discloses the privacy practices for Oddschecker including:
What personally identifiable information of yours is collected
What organisation is collecting the information
How the information is used
With whom the information may be shared
What choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information
What kind of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under the company's control
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.No one under the age of 18 is permitted to use the Account Opening Service.
We only collect personal information in order to provide you with some of our Services. Subject to what is said below regarding cookies, you are free to browse the rest of our Site without information being collected.
To fully use the Account Opening Service, you will need to register using our online registration form. You will be required to provide us with your contact information (e.g. name, postal address, telephone number and e-mail address).
Using the Site's web server log files, we use IP addresses to analyse trends, track users' movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. This information may include the URL that you just came from (whether this URL is on our site or not), which URL you next go to (whether this URL is on our site or not), what browser and operating system you are using, your IP address etc.
In addition, we use cookies on certain pages of our site. We may also offer certain features that are only available through the use of a cookie. Cookies can also help us provide information which is targeted to your interests. Cookies are stored on your hard drive, not on our site. Most cookies are "session cookies," meaning that they are automatically deleted at the end of a session. The other type of cookie we use is a 'persistent' cookie. This stays on your hard drive and we use this to automatically identify who you are. The cookie itself contains no personally identifiable information but it does pass an ID to our server which allows us to tie the cookie to your personal information. We do this to allow us to let you know on the homepage what has changed on the site since your last visit. We also use the cookie to track how often you visit the site so we know who our most loyal users are. You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, although in that case you will not be able to use certain features on our site.
Our web site may also use the ServiceTick Limited SessionCam web site recording service. Data collected by SessionCam is used to improve our website by enabling our web team to find and fix errors and improve the functionality of the website. To do this SessionCam may record mouse clicks, mouse movements, page scrolling and any text keyed into web site forms. The information collected is stored and is also used for aggregated and statistical reporting.
We use personally identifiable information about you to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to statistically analyse site usage, to improve our content and product offerings and to customise our site's content, layout, and services. We believe these uses allow us to improve our site and better tailor it to meet our users' needs.
We use information in the file we maintain about you, and other information we obtain from your current and past activities on the Site, to resolve any disputes, troubleshoot problems and enforce our User Agreement. At times, we may look across multiple users to identify problems or resolve disputes, and in particular on rare occasions we may evaluate your information to look for users using multiple User IDs or alias.
We may occasionally send you direct mail about additional services we feel may be of interest to you. This will only come from us and only if you have indicated that you do not object to these offers.
Your Personal Information is stored in our databases, which are located in the UK. Please note that the information you enter may at some time be transferred outside the European Economic Area for the purposes of processing by Oddschecker or any of its affiliates. By submitting your information, you consent to this transfer.
It is necessary to disclose your personal information to the Bookmakers with whom you indicate you would like to open an account. These Bookmakers will then use your personal information in accordance with their own privacy policies. Links are provided to the terms and conditions of use and the privacy policies of these Bookmaker during the account opening procedure. By using the Account Opening Service you consent to such disclosure of you information.
Unfortunately, due to the existing regulatory environment, we cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personally identifiable information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.
By way of example (without limiting the foregoing), we may be forced to disclose information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, or third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications. We can (and you authorize us to) disclose any information about you to law enforcement or other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate, in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose us to legal liability.
As a general proposition, we do not sell or rent any personally identifiable information about you to any third party.
Advertisers. We do aggregate personally identifiable information and disclose such information in aggregate to advertisers and for other marketing and promotional purposes. However, in these situations, we do not disclose to these entities any information that could be used to personally identify you.
Legal Requests. Oddschecker cooperates with law enforcement inquiries and other third parties to enforce laws, intellectual property and other rights. Local, and international law enforcement agents can request and may receive your personally identifiable information.
If you lose control of the password provided to you during the registration of some of the Services, you may lose substantial control over your personally identifiable information and may be subject to legally binding actions taken on your behalf. Therefore, if your password has been compromised for any reason, you should immediately change your password.
Except as otherwise expressly discussed in this Privacy Policy, this document only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. To the extent that you disclose your information to other parties, whether they are other members of the Site or other sites throughout the Internet, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the personal information you disclose to them.
We use best endeavour to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal identifiable information associated with our customers. We have security measures in place to attempt to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of customer data under our control. We use secure server software (SSL) to encrypt information you input before it is sent to us. While we cannot ensure or guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration of data will not occur, we use our best efforts to prevent this. However, you should be aware that "perfect security" does not exist on the Internet.
By using this site, you consent to the collection and use of information by Oddschecker and to the use of that information in accordance with the oddschecker privacy policy. If we are going to use your personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify you via email. You will have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in this different manner. In addition, if we make any material changes in our privacy practices that do not affect user information already stored in our database, we will post a prominent notice on our web site notifying users of the change. In some cases where we post the notice we will also email users, who have opted to receive communications from us, notifying them of the changes in our privacy practices.
You have a legal right to a copy of all personal information about you held by us. You also have a right to correct any errors in that information.
Please e-mail any questions or comments you have about this policy click here

To return to the registration page please click herePNC Privacy PolicyThe PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. ("PNC") family of companies is committed to treating and using personal financial information about you responsibly.  The PNC Privacy Policy explains what personal information we collect, why we collect it, how we protect it, and how and why in certain cases we may share it among PNC companies or with select other parties.  We also tell you how to exercise your personal information sharing and use choices.

View or Print the PNC Privacy Policy.

PNC will post online any changes to the PNC Privacy Policy and the PNC Website Customer Information Privacy Policy on or before the effective date of such changes. You will be able to determine the date of the last change by noting the revision (Rev.) date of the policy. If you have already notified us of your information sharing preferences, you do not need to notify us again.

To limit our sharing, you can:
Call 1-800-762-2118 - our menu will prompt you through your choice(s).
Online Banking Customers - simply sign-on at pnc.com then go to Customer Service - Privacy Preferences to make your choice(s).
If you are not currently a PNC Online Banking customer, you may click here to "Get Started" and enroll.This Website policy is effective 01/01/2011 and may be amended from time to time.

We respect the privacy of our customers and are committed to protecting their information on our Web sites with the same care we utilize for all PNC transactions.
PNC does not automatically collect personal information from visitors to its Web sites. PNC does use tools, such as cookies or click stream auditing, for our own internal uses, such as recommending products and services and gathering Web analytics. Cookies are small pieces of information that a Web site stores on a visitor's Web browser to remind the site about the visitor the next time they visit the site. PNC does not store confidential or sensitive information in cookies. PNC uses cookies to enhance our customers' online banking session by making navigation easier and providing important security features. For certain applications, such as Online Banking, cookies are a requirement because they help protect the privacy of a customer's transactions by, for example, automatically terminating the online session if the customer forgets to log out. Click stream auditing includes information such as a web surfer's IP address, web pages which have been viewed or acted upon by a web surfer, date and time, domain type, and when a web surfer has responded to an advertisement. We may occasionally combine this information with individual information on an aggregate level to determine the effectiveness of our advertising.

Cookies cannot be used to capture your e-mail address, obtain data from your hard drive or gain confidential or sensitive information about you. Additionally, cookies cannot be read by a Web site other than the one that set the cookie. Some Web sites, however, use cookies to obtain information from your browser. You can set your browser to notify you before accepting a cookie, so that you can control whether you accept or reject a cookie. Please click on Controlling Cookies for more information.

We use third party advertising and media companies to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet and to help manage and optimize our Internet business and communications. Through the use of cookies and Action Tags (commonly referred to as Web beacons or GIF tags), which are inserted in various places within our Web site, such third party companies may collect anonymous information about your visits to the PNC site and your interaction with our ads and content. For instance, they may keep track of how many of our ads you had seen on other web sites before visiting our Web site. These third party companies have a network of advertising companies, such as PNC, and may share such anonymous information about your visits to pnc.com and other Web sites with us, and may use it in order to provide ads about goods and services of interest to you and which would be relevant to you, based on your browsing on pnc.com. From time to time, we may also share anonymous information with such third party companies in an aggregate form, for purposes of analysis and improvement of our Web site. If you would like more information about the use of third-party cookies and tags, or the process of opting out of such cookies or tags, please go to http://atlassolutions.com/privacy-policy, or www.networkadvertising.org.Effective March 21, 2013Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this policy easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested. In this policy, “Personal Information” is defined as data and facts about you that is collected by Backcountry.com, Inc. (“Backcountry”) or its affiliate websites, but does not include your IP address.This policy applies to all information collected or submitted on the Backcountry website, including all affiliated websites, including but not limited to: Backcountry.com, Backcountrytreeline.com, Chainlove.com, CompetitiveCyclist.com, DepartmentOfGoods.com, Dogfunk.com, RealCyclist.com, SteepandCheap.com, and WhiskeyMilitia.com. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, submit product reviews, and register to receive materials or communications from us. The types of Personal Information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
Credit/Debit card information
Transaction information
On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient's address. In this circumstance, the types of Personal Information collected are:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone numberBackcountry does not sell, rent or provide your "Personal Information" to third parties, except as described below. Personal Information is generally kept for Backcountry business which is primarily used to assist you in your current or future purchases or in analyzing sales trends.

We use your Personal Information you provide about yourself when placing an order primarily to complete that order. Personal Information from the order form is used to send orders, information about our company, and promotional material from some of our partners to our customers. Personal Information is also used to get in touch with the customer when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings by following the directions in those mailings.

Backcountry sometimes uses online surveys which ask visitors for Personal Information which usually includes contact information (typically the customer's email address) and demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income level). We use Personal Information gathered from our surveys to send the user promotional material from Backcountry. Backcountry periodically runs contests on our site in which we ask visitors for selected Personal Information such as contact information (typically the customer's email address) and demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income level). We use Personal Information gathered from our contests to send users promotional material from Backcountry and at times, to some of our partners. The customer's Personal Information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary (i.e. when someone wins a contest.). Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. We use this data to tailor our visitor's experience at our site, showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences.

Backcountry shares Personal Information with third parties in certain limited circumstances:
Backcountry may share Personal Information with a third party with your consent. For example, you have the option to enroll in Bill Me Later, which is an independent third-party payment service. If you choose to enroll in Bill Me Later, we will share your email address with Bill Me Later to facilitate the enrollment process and Bill Me Later's subsequent use of your Personal Information will be governed by Bill Me Later's Privacy Policy.
Backcountry may provide Personal Information to affiliated companies or other trusted businesses or persons for the purpose of processing Personal Information on our behalf. Backcountry requires that these parties agree to process your Personal Information based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. These third parties may only use your Personal Information to the extent required to perform their services on our behalf.
We may provide Personal Information to third parties or marketers for their marketing purposes. We do not provide your entire credit card or debit card numbers to any of these third parties or marketers, but may provide the last four digits of those numbers to a third party or marketer to aid those third parties or marketers in differentiating individuals from one another.
We may buy or sell subsidiaries or business units. Generally, in these transactions, customer information (including Personal Information) is a transferred asset. That information will remain subject to the then-existing Privacy Policy until or unless you provide consent for any updated use of your Personal Information.
We may share Personal Information to the extent required by legal process or enforceable governmental request.
We may share Personal Information with third parties to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues. These third parties may place and read cookies on your browsers, or may use web beacons or similar technologies to collect information in connection with the Google Trusted Merchant Program.Backcountry also collects, uses, and monetizes IP Addresses. An IP Address is a convention of the Internet Protocol that identifies your "virtual" address on the internet. This IP Address is not personal to you and does not identify any of your Personal Information. All devices connected to a network have an IP Address permitting communication to and from the device. If you connect to the Internet from your computer, then you have an IP Address that looks something like this: 209.17.654.152. In the simplest possible terms, your IP Address contains no data that identifies you as a person. It is only a logical address allowing you to connect to others and others to locate your computer. We use an IP Address for a number of uses as set forth herein. We use an IP Address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. The IP Address is used to help identify you and your shopping cart and to gather broad demographic information.

Our site uses cookies (small pieces of data we store for an extended period of time on your computer, mobile phone, or other device) to keep track of your shopping cart. We use cookies for other purposes such as site personalization. You can reject cookies and still use the Backcountry site, however, it will disable the ability for the site to recognize your cart, your account and any personalization efforts.

In addition to the disclosure of Personal Information to third parties as described above, Backcountry may monetize or otherwise provide anonymous IP Addresses to other third parties. Backcountry sometimes employs other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples of such may include hosting our website, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links, retargeted advertising, analyzing data, etc. These third parties have access only to IP Addresses and do not have access to your Personal Information. However, as disclosed above, Backcountry may disclose Personal Information to third parties in certain limited circumstances.This site contains links to other sites. This Privacy Policy applies to the Backcountry website and its affiliated websites only. We do not exercise control over the privacy practices or content of any of the external links. These external links may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you.Any comments, reviews, posts, feedback, questions, answers, notes, messages, images, video, audio, materials, ideas, suggestions or other communications you submit on Backcountry are not private or proprietary. By submitting User Content on or through Backcountry, you grant Backcountry and its affiliates an irrevocable, royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual right and license to use, copy, modify, display, archive, store, distribute, reproduce and create derivative works based upon such User Content, in any form, media, software or technology of any kind now existing or developed in the future. By submitting such User Content on or through Backcountry, you are confirming that (a) you are the sole author of the User Content and the User Content originated with you and was not copied in whole or in part from any other work; (b) you have obtained all necessary permissions associated with the User Content, including without limitation permissions relating to copyrights, trademarks, rights of publicity and/or rights of privacy; (c) the User Content does not contain hate speech or profanity and is not libelous, obscene or otherwise in violation of this Agreement, and (d) that you are not a minor and have the legal right and capacity to enter into and comply with these Terms. By submitting any such User Content on or through Backcountry, you grant Backcountry permission to use your name, alias and any other information (as provided by you) to attribute such User Content to you. Without limiting the generality of the previous sentence, and subject to our Privacy Policy, you authorize Backcountry and its affiliates to share the User Content across all affiliated Web sites, and to use your name and any other information in connection with its use of such User Content. You also grant Backcountry and its affiliates the right to use any material, information, ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such User Content. We are not responsible for the similarity of any of our Content or programming in any media to User Content submitted by you. Any and all rights granted in this section are granted without the need for any compensation to you in any form. User Content does not reflect the views of Backcountry, and Backcountry does not represent or guarantee the truthfulness, accuracy, completeness, timeliness or reliability of any User Content, nor endorses or supports any opinions expressed in any User Content. In no event shall Backcountry have or be construed to have any responsibility or liability for or in connection with any User Content. If we determine, in our sole discretion, you or any User Content you submit violates this Agreement, we reserve the right, at any time, without notice and without limiting any and all other rights we may have under this Agreement, to (a) refuse to allow you to submit further User Content, (b) remove and delete your User Content, (c) revoke your registration and right to use the User Content Submission Features and (d) use any technological, legal, operational or other 
means available to enforce the terms of this Agreement, including, without limitation, blocking specific IP addresses or deactivating your registration, access using your e-mail address, your user name and password.

BACKCOUNTRY DOES NOT ENDORSE THE USER CONTENT, IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE USER CONTENT AND SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO ANY PERSON OR ENTITY (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, PERSONS WHO MAY USE OR RELY ON SUCH USER CONTENT) FOR ANY LOSS, DAMAGE (WHETHER ACTUAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR OTHERWISE), INJURY, CLAIM, LIABILITY OR OTHER CAUSE OF ANY KIND OR CHARACTER BASED UPON OR RESULTING FROM ANY USER CONTENT PROVIDED THROUGH THIS WEB SITE.To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. For example, we work to protect the security of your Personal Information during any transmission of same by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input.

We reveal only the last five digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
You also have the option to access Backcountry.com and affiliates websites from your mobile or wireless device. When using your mobile device or a wireless network, the carrier or network administrator may have access to your Personal Information. For information regarding your carrier or network administrator's treatment of your information, please consult their respective privacy policies.Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we do not collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.You may elect not to receive on-line or off-line communication from us. To stop receiving Backcountry email or catalogs, please send us an email containing the subject line “opt out” to info@backcountry.com.If you choose NOT to have our marketing partner, BlueKai, deliver ads tailored to your Web preferences and usage patterns, you can opt out of this usage of your Personal Information by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt-out Tool located at: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp and opting out from targeted ads delivered by “BlueKai Inc.”If you prefer that we do not share your Personal Information with other marketers, please send us an email containing the subject line “opt out” to info@backcountry.com.We may change or replace this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make material changes, we will provide current customers with a revised notice that describes our new practices or a link to the new privacy policy.The notice of privacy practices was updated on August 15, 2012.

This notice of privacy practices applies to information collected by Bloomingdale's in Bloomingdale's stores (including Bloomingdale's outlet stores) and online at bloomingdales.com (including via mobile devices). To view your separate Department Stores National Bank Privacy Policy for your Bloomingdale's credit card, please click here.

This notice of privacy practices explains:
The kinds of information we collect;
How we use information;
Our information sharing practices;
Customer Preferences and Opt-Out Choices; and
How you may access some of the information you provide to us.
We encourage you to refer to this notice periodically so that you understand our current privacy practices.

If you have any questions about this notice, please contact our Customer Service department:
By mail at:
Bloomingdale's Customer Service
ATTN: Privacy Office
P.O. Box 8215
Mason, OH 45040
By phone at 1-888-922-7026
Via email at privacy.master@bloomingdales.com

Your access of and use of our Web site means you agree to the terms in this notice of privacy practices and our Legal NoticeWe collect information from a variety of sources, including information provided by you, information we collect when you visit our Web site or stores, and information we collect about you from third party sources.

The following are examples of the types of information we may collect:
Information you provide: name, address (billing and shipping), e-mail address, telephone number (s), mobile number(s), credit card number (s), birth date, password and etc.;
Information associated with use of our Web site: bloomingdales.com uses the information gathered from cookies and web beacons, such as IP address, to enhance your experience on our Web site;
Information associated with doing business with Bloomingdale's: transaction information, including the items purchased, and the date and time of your transaction;
Information from third party sources: we may receive your updated shipping information from a third party carrier.We may use the information we collect to process a transaction, to provide the products or services you request, to improve our Web site and stores, to enhance your shopping experience, and for marketing and promotional purposes. We may combine information about you that we collect online, in our stores, via mobile devices (including mobile applications), and from third party sources.A cookie is a small piece of information sent by a Web site that is stored on your hard disk by your computer's browser. A web beacon is an image on a Web site that monitors a Web site's activity.

At bloomingdales.com, we use two kinds of cookies: session cookies and persistent cookies. Session cookies exist only for as long as your browser remains open. Persistent cookies last from visit to visit; they do not go away when you exit your browser.
Managing cookie preferences differs from browser to browser so please refer to your browser for further information. If you would like to disable cookies and web beacons from bloomingdales.com, please use the help function in your web browser to restrict cookies from our Web site. If you block cookies from bloomingdales.com, you will not be able to make purchases on our Web site.We may share your information within Macy's, Inc. and its affiliates and subsidiaries (including Macy's). We also may share your information with third parties with whom we have a relationship (to opt-out of third party sharing please click here). For example:

Internally
When you make a purchase, we may share information about you and your transaction with other companies necessary to process your transaction.

Externally
We may share your information with third parties so that they can directly market their products or services to you if we feel that these products or services may be of interest to you.

Coremetrics
We work with a third party company, Coremetrics, to assist us in better understanding how people use our Web site. The information that we collect through these cookies tells us things like which search engine referred you, how you navigated around our Web site, what you purchased, and how banner ads and e-mails direct web traffic to our Web site.

Coremetrics analyzes the information it collects from bloomingdales.com and returns it to us through an encrypted connection. We do not share credit card or password information with Coremetrics.
Coremetrics may only use information we share with them about our Web site visitors to perform services for us. Coremetrics is required to maintain all of the information it collects and analyzes securely and in confidence. For more information, please view Coremetrics' privacy policy. To learn more about opting-out of Coremetrics analysis of your browsing and purchasing behavior please refer to Your Contact Preferences and Opt-Out Choices in this notice.E-mail: To opt-out of receiving promotional or marketing e-mails from bloomingdales.com, you may:
unsubscribe by signing into your account on bloomingdales.com, clicking on my profile and indicating your opt-out preference,
use the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any e-mail sent by bloomingdales.com,
contact us by regular mail at Bloomingdale's Customer Service, Attn: Privacy Office, P.O. Box 8215, Mason, OH 45040, or
contact Customer Service at 1-888-922-7026
Note: It may take up to 10 business days to process your request.

My Customer Survey Emails: We separately may send surveys, via e-mail, to our customers in order to collect opinions and feedback about their shopping experiences. To opt-out of receiving survey e- mails from Bloomingdale's, you may use the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any survey e-mail.
Clienteling: Customers who have a one-to-one relationship with a Bloomingdale's sales associate and no longer wish to receive e-mails from that associate may contact the associate directly and opt-out of receiving those e-mails.
Mobile Marketing: To opt-out of mobile marketing, you may:
reply STOP to any Bloomingdale's text message on your mobile phone/wireless device,
contact Customer Service at 1-888-922-7026
contact us by regular mail at Bloomingdale's Customer Service, Attn: Privacy Office, P.O. Box 8215, Mason, OH 45040
Note: Please allow 3-5 business days after contacting us to process your request. We do not share your mobile number with any third parties for marketing purposes.
Direct Mail or Telemarketing: To opt-out of receiving direct mail or telemarketing calls, you may:
contact Customer Service at 1-888-922-7026
contact us by regular mail at Bloomingdale's Customer Service, Attn: Privacy Office, P.O. Box 8215, Mason, OH 45040. If you choose to write us, please include your name, address, phone number, and the last four digits of your Bloomingdale's proprietary or American Express co-brand credit card account number (if you have one), and state one of the following:
"NO MAIL OFFERS" (if you do not want to receive offers by mail);
"NO PHONE OFFERS" (if you do not want to receive offers by phone); or
"NO PHONE OR MAIL OFFERS" (if you do not want to receive either)
Note: Because listings often are prepared well in advance of an offering (12 - 16 weeks, in many cases) you may continue to receive some offers after you send us your request.


Third Party Sharing: If you prefer that we not disclose your information to third parties for marketing purposes, you can:
Contact us by regular mail at Bloomingdale's Customer Service, Attn: Privacy Office, P.O. Box 8215, Mason, OH 45040. If you choose to write to us, please include your name, address and the last four digits of your Bloomingdale's proprietary or American Express co-brand credit card account number (if you have one) and state "NO THIRD PARTY SHARING" in your request, or
Contact Customer Service at 1-888-922-7026,
Online Behavioral Advertising: Online behavioral advertising uses information about you to provide relevant, targeted advertising of interest to you. Please click here for additional information on online behavioral advertising. If you would like to opt-out of online behavioral advertising, please click here. Please note that you will be opted out of all online behavioral advertising from all business members of the Network Advertising Initiative. If you opt-out, you may continue to see or receive advertising from bloomingdales.com, however, these ads may not be as relevant to you.
Coremetrics: As a bloomingdales.com user, you may choose to opt-out of Coremetrics' analysis of your browsing and purchasing behavior on our Web site or you may choose to allow Coremetrics to analyze your behavior anonymously. Please click here to learn more about the various levels of privacy and confidentiality you can select, with respect to Coremetrics, on our site and to exercise your opt-out choices.If you are a registered user of bloomingdales.com, you can update your information in My Account.
If you have questions about your order, you may check your order status online in My Order.

If you have any additional questions, please call our Customer Service department at 1-888-922-7026.

If you are an international customer and want access to your information, please click here.Please refer to the Security Policy for additional details.The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act imposes requirements on Web sites that collect personal information about children under 13 (for example - name, address, e-mail address, social security number etc.) Our policy is not to collect personal information on any person under 13. For this reason, our online sweepstakes, e-mail and mobile sign-ups are restricted to entrants who are at least 13.

If this policy changes, bloomingdales.com will revise this portion of its notice of privacy practices and will comply with the requirements of the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, which includes providing notice and choice to each child's parent or guardian before collecting any personal information.Under California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal customer information we share with third parties or corporate affiliates for those third parties or corporate affiliates' direct marketing purposes. That notice will identify the categories of information shared with third parties and used for direct marketing purposes and the name and address of the third parties that received such personal information. If you are a California resident and want a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to the following address: Bloomingdale's Customer Service, P.O. Box 8067, Mason, OH 45040. In your request, please specify that you want a "Your Bloomingdale's California Privacy Rights Notice ". Please allow 30 days for a response.To fill international orders, bloomingdales.com partners with Borderfree, Inc. ("Borderfree"). Borderfree will carefully process your personal information, with at least the same level of privacy protection set forth in the the U.S. - EU Safe Harbor Privacy Principles and the U.S. - Swiss Safe Harbor Privacy Principles and as established by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Borderfree also agrees not to sell, transfer, or otherwise use your information other than for processing international shipments.

When you indicate you are shipping internationally, you will be redirected to a checkout page hosted by Borderfr. On the checkout page you will be required to submit personal information to Borderfree to complete your order. Once you place your order, you will be prompted to confirm whether you would like to receive future marketing communication from bloomingdales.com.

Borderfree will notify bloomingdales.com of the approval of your order, and bloomingdales.com will then ship approved orders to Borderfree. Simultaneously, Borderfree will purchase the product from us, which allows them to take title to the product(s), bill your credit card, collect and remit any duties and taxes to the appropriate taxing authority and arrange for the product to be delivered to you. In this process, Borderfree makes the sale to you as the merchant of record. When ordering a product, you will be presented with Borderfree's terms and conditions. You must agree to them to receive the product(s) you ordered.

Once you have agreed that Borderfree may share your personal information with bloomingdales.com, that data is protected by this notice of privacy practices and you consent to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers located in the United States.

We adhere to both the EU and Swiss Safe Harbor Privacy Principles. We have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce, Switzerland, and the European Union that our processing of personal data is in compliance with these principles and we perform periodic self-assessments to verify ongoing compliance.

Bloomingdales.com is committed to resolving any customer concerns regarding their privacy. If a customer feels that their privacy may have been violated, based on the Safe Harbor Principles, bloomingdales.com will attempt to directly resolve the complaint. Any complaints that are still unresolved after these direct efforts will be settled by arbitration administered by the International Centre for Dispute Resolution in accordance with its applicable commercial rules.

International Centre for Dispute Resolution
A Division of the American Arbitration Association
1101 Laurel Oak Road, Suite 100
Voorhees, NJ 08043
Phone: 856-435-6401
Email box: casefiling@adr.org

Customers shipping internationally who wish to contact bloomingdales.com to
inquire about or update their personal information;
make a complaint about the collection or use of their personal information; or
comment on or ask questions regarding this privacy policy
Please email us at internationalprivacy@bloomingdales.com.Last Updated: November 18, 2013
Bloomberg L.P. ("BLP") respects the privacy rights of our users and is strongly committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy applies to this Web site, any newsletters subscribed to via this Web site, information collected and provided to BLP when you subscribe to the digital edition of Bloomberg Businessweek at third-party websites and applications, and information collected offline when you subscribe to the print edition of Bloomberg Businessweek, but does not apply to any other products or services or to information collected in any other way (whether offline or online) by BLP, its general and limited partners, and its subsidiaries, and their respective general partners and affiliates (collectively "Bloomberg"), unless expressly indicated by Bloomberg (such as by including a link to this Privacy Policy on other Bloomberg websites or on Bloomberg mobile applications).BLP or a designated service provider collects personal information that you voluntarily provide on this Web site, on third-party websites and applications when subscribing to the digital edition of Bloomberg Businessweek, or offline in connection with your Bloomberg Businessweek print edition subscription, which may include your name, address, e-mail address, credit card number, billing information, etc. For example, BLP or a designated service provider collects personal information when you register on this Web site, request certain Bloomberg services or products, or submit the information to enter a sweepstakes, contest, or other promotion. This information is used to provide you your requested service or product and to communicate with you. We use any credit card or payment information we acquire from you to fulfill your order. Consistent with the choice you make when providing personal information, Bloomberg may use your personal information to provide you with information, special offers, and promotions via various means including e-mail. You may instruct BLP at any time not to use your personal information covered by this Privacy Policy to provide you with information, special offers, and promotions by clicking here. You can also update your settings for receiving offers and promotions by email by clicking here. Please note that if you exercise choice in this manner, you will continue to receive communications concerning your account and products and services you requested, and in response to any requests for information by you. Your choice does not apply to any other Bloomberg products or services to which you may subscribe or purchase. Please also note that this opt-out process may take some time to complete, consistent with applicable law.BLP and the parties with whom we work (e.g., service providers, business partners) may place, view, and/or use "cookies," Web server logs, Web beacons, or other electronic tools to collect statistical and other information about your use of this Web site and other websites. This information may include information about the IP address of your computer, browser type, language, operating system, your mobile device, geo-location data, the state or country from which you accessed this Web site, the Web pages visited, the date and the time of a visit, and the websites you visited immediately before and after visiting this Web site.
BLP and the parties with whom we work may use the information collected for various reasons, either on behalf of Bloomberg or for the other parties' own purposes, including research, analysis, to better serve visitors to this Web site (such as by enabling log-in, providing access to certain sections of this Web site, providing customized content, or presenting online advertising on this Web site or other websites tailored to your interests as described further below), to compile aggregate and anonymous information about usage of this Web site and other websites, other statistics, etc. However, if you have deleted and disabled cookies, these uses will not be possible to the extent they are based on cookie information.
To assist us with the uses described in this Privacy Policy, information collected about your use of this Web site or other websites may be combined with personal or other information about you from other online or offline sources. If you prefer that we not combine non-personal information that has been collected, through cookies, about your use of this Web site or other websites with personal or other information about you, then please delete and disable cookies for each browser, on each computer you use to surf the Web.
Most browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually set your browser to disable cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. Likewise, most mobile devices allow you to disable the ability for geo-location information to be collected from your mobile device. The help function on most browsers and mobile devices contains instructions on how to set your browser to notify you before accepting cookies, disable cookies entirely, or disable the collection of geo-location data. You need to set each browser, on each device you use to surf the Web. Thus, if you use multiple browsers (e.g., AOL, Safari, Internet Explorer, Firefox, etc.), you should repeat this procedure with each one. Similarly, if you connect to the Web from multiple devices (e.g., work and home), you need to set each browser on each device. However, if you disable cookies or refuse to accept a request to place a cookie, it is possible that some parts of this Web site, such as the polls, surveys, contests, and product sales, and certain areas of the Web site for which you need to log in, will not function properly, and the advertising you receive when you visit this Web site may not be advertisements tailored to your interests.BLP, its designated service providers, or third-party advertisers or their advertising servers may also place or recognize unique cookies on your computer or use other electronic tools in order to help display advertisements that you see on this Web site or on other websites. Information about your visits to, and activity on, this Web site and other websites, an IP address, the number of times you have viewed an advertisement, and other such usage information is used, alone or in combination with other information, to display on your device screen advertisements that may be of particular interest to you. We may use Web beacons, provided by third-party advertising companies, to help manage and optimize our online advertising and product performance. Web beacons enable us to recognize a browser's cookie when a browser visits this Web site, and to learn which banner ads bring users to this Web site. The use and collection of your information by these third-party service providers, and third-party advertisers and their advertising servers is not covered by this Privacy Policy.
BLP adheres to the industry's Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising located here. To "opt out" of advertising cookies placed by participating companies in the Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising, and thereby limit the tracking of your online activity and the targeted advertising you receive, please click here. To "opt out" of advertising cookies placed by the Network Advertising Initiative's ("NAI") online behavioral advertising member networks, and thereby limit the tracking of your online activity and the targeted advertising you receive, please click here. Note that even if you opt out of cookies placed by such member networks and participating companies, you will still receive online advertising.
BLP's designated service providers assist BLP with advertisement display functions and related analytics for this Web site. For a list of these designated service providers and more information about their anonymous information collection and use practices, please click here.BLP may share your personal and other information with our affiliates (including affiliated websites under common ownership or control) and designated service providers. BLP may share with other third parties information about our Web site users, such as your use of this Web site or other websites, and the services provided on this Web site or other websites, but only on an anonymous and aggregate basis. Consistent with the choice you make when providing personal information, BLP may also share your personal information with a sponsor or other third party ("Third-Party Provider") that provides you with special offers or promotions that may be of interest to you. You may instruct BLP at any time not to share your personal information covered by this Privacy Policy with such Third-Party Providers by clicking here. Please note that (i) this opt-out process may take some time to complete, consistent with applicable law; and (ii) even after such opt-out process is completed, your personal and other information may continue to be shared with our affiliates (including affiliated websites under common ownership or control) and designated service providers.
If you participate in certain features of this Web site (e.g., sharing news stories of interest), please note that any information you or others voluntarily disclose through use of these features, becomes available to the public and/or other users whom you have designated. If you choose to provide access to designated individuals, please be aware that any information you post will be visible to such individuals for their use. Bloomberg is not responsible for the information that you or others choose to disclose publicly on this Web site, and neither Bloomberg's nor others' use of such information is subject to this Privacy Policy.
BLP may also disclose your personal and other information to unaffiliated third parties if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary: (a) to comply with the law or in response to a subpoena, court order, government request, or other legal process; (b) to produce relevant documents or information in connection with litigation, arbitration, mediation, adjudication, government or internal investigations, or other legal or administrative proceedings; (c) to protect the interests, rights, safety, or property of Bloomberg or others; (d) to enforce any terms of service on this Web site; (e) to provide you and other users of this Web site with the services or products requested by you and/or the other users (including allowing a purchaser of BLP or a BLP division to continue to serve you), and to perform other activities related to such services and products, including billing and collection; (f) to provide you with special offers or promotions from Bloomberg that may be of interest to you; or (g) to operate Bloomberg's systems properly.
The collection, further use, and/or disclosure of your information by Third-Party Providers or by other third parties is not the responsibility of Bloomberg. Rather, such collection, use, and/or disclosure is governed by the third parties' privacy policies.Any personal information you provide to BLP is kept on secure servers. BLP uses reasonable administrative, technical, personnel, and physical measures (a) to safeguard personal information against loss, theft, unauthorized use, disclosure, or modification; and (b) to ensure the integrity of the personal information. To help us protect your privacy, you should maintain the secrecy of the logon ID and password you may have set up in connection with your participation in this Web site's service.To access, review, rectify, or delete your personal information covered by this Privacy Policy, please contact us by clicking here and choosing the Other Category. All requests must include the following information: first name, last name, and e-mail address and "Privacy" in the Subject line. While BLP will make reasonable efforts to accommodate your request, we also reserve the right to impose certain restrictions and requirements on such access requests, if allowed or required by applicable laws.Some of the uses and disclosures mentioned in this Privacy Policy may involve the transfer of your personal information to various countries around the world that may have different levels of privacy protection than your country. By submitting your personal information, you consent to such transfers.BLP may provide links to third-party websites, including social networking websites. Since we do not control third-party sites and are not responsible for any information you may provide while on such sites, we encourage you to read the privacy policies on those websites before providing any of your information on such sites.If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us by clicking here and choosing the Other Category. Please include "Privacy" in the Subject line of your inquiry.If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by BLP to its affiliates and/or third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email with your first name, last name, mailing address, email address and telephone number to privacy@bloomberg.com. Please include “California Privacy Rights” in the Subject line of your email. You may also make such a request by writing to us at:
Bloomberg L.P.
Attn: Legal Department
731 Lexington Avenue
New York, NY 10022BLP reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting revisions on this Web page. Such changes will be effective upon posting.Privacy Policy
Effective Date: December 9, 2013

Indeed has created this Privacy Policy in order to disclose its use of personal data you give to Indeed when you access or use Indeed's online and/or mobile services, web sites, and software provided on or in connection with the services or web sites (collectively, the “Website”). This Privacy Policy is effective as of December 9, 2013. You may contact Indeed, Inc. at 7501 N. Capital of Texas Hwy, Building B, Austin, TX 78731, USA and Indeed Ireland Operations Limited, First Floor, Block B, Riverside IV, Sir John Rogerson's Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland. Or you can reach either company via our Website contact form.

This Privacy Policy covers only data collected through the Website and not any other data collection or processing, including, without limitation, data collection practices of other web pages to which we link or data that we or our subsidiaries collect offline or through web sites, products, or services that do not display a direct link to this Privacy Policy. Occasionally, we may refer to this Privacy Policy in notices and consent requests related to special-purpose web pages, for example, if we invite you to submit ideas to improve the Website; under such circumstances, this Privacy Policy applies as modified in the particular notice or consent request (e.g., with respect to types of data collected or purposes of collection).When you request information, subscribe for a service, register as a user, participate in a survey, post a rating or review, post a question or answer, post a resume, upload content or otherwise actively send us data on our Website, we usually collect data including, but not limited to, user name, password, first and last name, email address, street address, gender, occupation, interests, messages you send to users and any other data included in a submitted profile or resume. In connection with chargeable services, we will also collect payment information (e.g., credit card number and related verification information). In each such instance, you will know what data we collect through the Website, because you actively submit it.

As part of the standard operation of the Website, Indeed will automatically collect information from your computer or mobile device, including, but not limited to, your browser type, operating system, IP address and the domain name from which you accessed the site, and if you are accessing our site with your mobile device, type of mobile device. In addition we may record actions taken on the Website including, but not limited to, date and times of use, clicks, page views, the amount of time you spend on each page, and search queries. Indeed reserves the right to match your IP address or other information with other information about you in any way permitted by applicable law. Indeed will store this information on its equipment or the equipment of third parties that it has a relationship with for that purpose.

If you access or use the Website on your mobile telephone or other mobile device, including tablets, we collect mobile device identifiers, including MAC Address, and IP Address. Indeed may create and assign to your device an identifier that is similar to an account number. We may collect the name you have associated with your device, device type, telephone number, country, and any other information you choose to provide, such as user name, geo-location or e-mail address. We may also access your contacts to enable you to invite friends to join you in the Website.When you submit information to Indeed, this information will be used for the purposes set forth in Paragraphs 2 and 3 of this Privacy Policy. Indeed uses this information and information generated when you use our Website, including but not limited to your resume, your posted reviews, searches, clicks, taps, web sites and web pages you visit through our mobile software (including third party web sites and web pages), job applications, messages and postings to provide our services and features to you, to provide your information to employers that may be interested in contacting you, to provide employer information to you and to measure and improve those services and features, and to provide you with customer support. If you are located in the USA, Indeed may also share your personal information, such as your email address, with third party websites and/or social networking sites in order to show you targeted advertisements and other content that has been customized for you. If you would like to opt-out of receiving advertisements, please send an email to opt-out @ indeed.com. (remove spaces when sending email)

Indeed may also use the information to prevent potentially illegal activities and activities that are detrimental to you or other users. Indeed may investigate and disclose information from or about you or your use of Indeed if we have a good faith belief that such investigation or disclosure is (a) reasonably necessary to comply with legal process and law enforcement instructions and orders; (b) helpful to prevent, investigate, or identify possible wrongdoing in connection with the use of the Website; or (c) protects our rights, reputation, property, safety, or that of the public. We may use a variety of methods to detect and address anomalous activity and screen content to prevent abuse such as spam. These efforts may on occasion result in a temporary or permanent suspension or termination of some functions for some users.

We may use other companies, including other members of the Indeed corporate group and third parties, to perform services necessary to our operations. In the course of providing these services, those companies may have access to your personal information and such information may be transferred overseas. By contractual agreement, those companies must treat your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. However, we will not be liable (to the fullest extent permitted by law) for any damages that may result from the misuse of your personal information by these companies. Indeed may use your IP address and mobile device information to help diagnose problems with Indeed's service and to administer Indeed's site. Your IP address and mobile device information may also be used to help identify you, your location, and your online profile and to gather broad demographic information (such as country of origin). Indeed may maintain (as permitted by applicable law) your data following your termination of your relationship with Indeed. Indeed may delete your user data as permitted by applicable law. If you provide credit, debit or other payment card and related details to us in order to make a payment, Indeed will use those details only for the purpose of processing the payment. Indeed may also aggregate your data with other data, for the purposes set forth above.When you give Indeed contact information (such as your name and email address) and demographic information, you agree that Indeed may utilize this information as set forth herein. You agree that Indeed may, as part of its services to you, communicate with you, or initiate communication with you on behalf of a 3rd party, through your Indeed account or through other means made available through your contact information such as email, phone, or postal mail. If and to the extent permitted by applicable law, Indeed, or its designated third party partners, may also use your contact information to (i) send you job alerts; (ii) create an account; (iii) send you information about Indeed; and, (iv) if you are located in the USA, send you promotional material from some of Indeed's partners. Indeed may use demographic and/or profile data to tailor your experience on Indeed's site, show you content that Indeed thinks you may be interested in, and display content according to your preferences. Your personal information gets placed on the Indeed Website when you upload or edit a resume. To the extent you upload a resume or edit it, and subject to your Privacy Settings, you are making the resume, your name and other personal information that you place on your resume available to third parties who may be interested in you as an employee, search engines, or to the general public by posting your personal information on the internet. This may be crawled by, and displayed through, search engines when someone searches for your name. This means that third parties can view the personal information contained in your resume and you may receive unsolicited contact from parties unaffiliated with Indeed and for whom Indeed has no responsibility. If you do not want your personal information posted on the Website, you should not upload it. You may opt-out of this feature by editing your Privacy Settings; however, Indeed does not warrant how often third-party search engines will update their caches, which may contain old public resume information. Indeed reserves the right to charge third parties a fee for accessing your information as part of Indeed's services. At your direction, Indeed may also send your resume to third parties if you choose to apply for a job listing.Indeed offers any user the choice to utilize the Indeed website. If you create a resume on, upload your resume to or apply to a job through or otherwise use the Indeed website, you are specifically consenting to the use of any personal information you have provided to Indeed as set forth herein and in the Terms of Service.The Website has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under 
Indeed's control. Indeed uses SSL encryption, access control policies, anti-virus programs and firewalls to protect information under our control. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. In addition, please note that emails, messages sent via your web browser, and other similar means of communication with other users are not encrypted. We strongly advise you not to communicate any confidential information through these means. Therefore, while we strive to protect your information, we cannot guarantee its security.“Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Please see our cookie policy for further information regarding Indeed's use of Cookies.Indeed may create links to other web sites. When you click on links on Indeed you may leave our Website. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other web sites, and we encourage you to read their privacy statements.Indeed may amend this Privacy Policy at any time. If Indeed is going to use personally identifiable information collected through Indeed's site in a manner materially different from that stated at the time of collection Indeed will notify users via email and/or by posting a notice on Indeed's Website for 30 days prior to such use or by other means as required by law.If there is a change of ownership or control in Indeed's business (whether by merger, sale, or otherwise) or if there is an asset sale, the user information, including your personal information, could be disclosed as part of such a process and / or sold as part of that transaction and your personally identifying information potentially could be used by the purchaser. However, if that business materially changes this statement or the information-handling practices as described in this Privacy Policy, you will be notified by email and/or through a notice posted on the website, and you may opt-out of the use of your existing information in a new manner. This Privacy Policy inures to the benefit of any successors or assigns of Indeed or the assets of Indeed.Indeed Inc. complies with the US-EU/Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Economic Area member countries and Switzerland. If you are located in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, Indeed Ireland is the data controller responsible for your information. Indeed Inc. receives data from Indeed Ireland as a data processor and has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view our certification page, please visit http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/ and see our General Safe Harbor Notice.Residents of the European Economic Area and Switzerland have a right of access to their data. If you wish to access such data, please send a certified letter to the above address with a copy of your passport or national identity card (for identity verification purposes) and the same will be provided to you. There may be a charge for such a request (which will not be higher than applicable law permits). European Economic Area and Switzerland residents also have a right, if their personal data is inaccurate, of rectification, erasure or blocking of such inaccurate personal data. You may edit your resume free of charge (if there is an inaccuracy or otherwise), by following procedures set forth on the Indeed Website. If your personal data is inaccurate, you may alternatively request Indeed to rectify, erase or block the data by sending a certified letter, with a copy of your passport or national identity card (for identity verification purposes), to the above address with the exact nature of the requested action.privacy policy


We at IKEA North American Services LLC (IKEA) respect your concerns about privacy and value the trust you have placed in us. This Privacy Notice describes the types of personal information we collect, how we may use that information, and with whom we may share it. Our Privacy Notice also describes the measures we take to protect the security of the information. In addition, we describe the choices you can make about how we use the information you provide to us. We tell you how you can reach us to update your contact information, remove your name from our mailing list, or answer any questions you may have about our privacy practices.We collect and use information about you to communicate with you about our products, services and promotions. We also collect information to improve the shopping experience of IKEA consumers. Here are the ways we obtain information about you and the types of information we obtain. We also tell you how we use the information.

Catalog
When you request a catalog from us, you provide us with contact information, such as your name, address, phone number and email address, so we may fulfill your request.

Email
When you subscribe to our email list, you provide us information such as your email address, name and ZIP code so we may communicate with you via email. We will send you email only if you have provided us with your email address and have asked us to communicate with you this way. To update your email communication preferences, or to unsubscribe, please click here.

Purchases
When you order or purchase an IKEA product, you may be required to give us contact and payment information (such as credit card information) so we may process your order. When you pay for an IKEA product using a credit card, we use your credit card information only to fulfil your order and for other internal purposes.

Purchase verification policy
Please note that IKEA may request to verify your purchases against your receipt. Please keep your receipt available to show an IKEA representative upon request.

IKEA FAMILY
If you sign up for IKEA FAMILY, you will be asked for your name, date of birth (to confirm eligibility) and information about how you wish to be contacted, such as email address, mobile phone number and home address.

Customer Service
If you contact one of our customer service representatives, we may ask you for information such as your name, address and email address so we can respond to your questions or comments. With your consent, we may retain this information to personalize your experience with us and better assist you the next time you contact us.

Help Us to Improve (HUTI)
In store we provide you with the option to leave a personal comment to the store manager. During this process you have the option to provide us with such information as your name, address, email address and telephone number so that we can respond to your questions or concerns. The information that is collected and retained by this unit is for IKEA's use only.

Customer Profiles
On our website and in store we provide you with the option to create a customer profile. The profile allows you to save shopping lists that you create in your in store and online visits, as well as allowing you to save personal planners and designs on the IKEA server and quickly access them when you are in the store. The customer profile includes personal information such as your name and address, your telephone number and your email address. The customer profile allows us to facilitate your IKEA shopping experience and to expedite the delivery of purchased products. The IKEA customer profile is optional.

Website
We collect information on our website using transient cookies, sometimes called session cookies. A transient cookie is a small file that contains information about a user, and disappears when the user's browser is closed. Unlike a persistent cookie, a transient cookie is not stored on the user's hard drive; it is stored only in temporary memory that is erased when the web browser is closed. We use transient cookies to determine, for example, how you use our website so we can improve the design of our site. Transient cookies are not linked to any personally identifiable information about you. Cookies can be disabled in your web browser.

When you visit our web site, we also collect anonymous information from you. This includes the Internet browser you are using; the computer operating system you are using, time spent visiting the web site, usage patterns within the web site, and the domain name of the web site from which you linked to our site. This information is not matched to your personal information and does not personally identify you. We collect this information to help improve your experience on the web site. Additionally, IKEA may share account or other information when we believe it is necessary to comply with the law or protect our interests and property. This may include sharing information with other companies, lawyers or government agencies in connection with issues related to fraud or government subpoenas and warrants.

Mobile
IKEA offers our customers the ability to find out what's new at their local IKEA store through their mobile device, either by browsing our mobile web site or through text messaging. Usage of the mobile web site follows similar standards employed by our standard web site; cookies may be employed to remember preferences or previous activity but do not reveal personal information and can be disabled using your mobile device's Internet options. For text messaging, users will only receive messages if they have specifically opted in for them; standard text message rates will apply. To join IKEA Mobile, text the keyword "JOIN" to 62345. To unsubscribe from IKEA Mobile, text the keyword "STOP" to 62345.

Kid's Ballroom
To take advantage of our supervised children's play area and ballroom while you shop, we require you to fill out a registration card that asks for the child's name and age, the parent's or guardian's name, address, telephone number and signature, and any health concerns relating to the child that we should know. We ask for this information to help ensure the safety and security of the child.

Other information you provide to us
Through surveys, you may provide us with information such as product preferences, reasons for purchasing a product, family and lifestyle information to help us learn more about your shopping preferences. You also may provide such information when you fill out a warranty card about a product you purchased from IKEA. In addition, you may give us such information if you register for or redeem IKEA special offers, discount coupons or other promotions.

We also may ask you to provide us with information about products that interest you and other lifestyle information. We will use such information to learn about your needs and preferences and if you choose to receive further communications from IKEA, to provide you with information about our products services and promotions.Except as may be required in order to process a transaction, you may choose whether or not to give us your personal information, and if you do, how we use it. If we request your personal information, we will tell you why we are collecting it and seek your consent. Sometimes you will be asked to give your consent expressly (such as by checking a box or clicking on a web page). Other times we may obtain your consent implicitly by asking you to provide information with stated purposes but without any express statement of consent (such as when you order a product or request a catalogue). In other cases, your consent may be implied such as when you respond to a survey when it is understood that we will use the information to learn more about your needs and preferences, or your satisfaction as a customer so as to improve our products and services. In those cases your consent will be understood if you provide us with the requested information. You may notify us at any time that you do not wish us to use your information for any purposes that are not required to complete a transaction by contacting us in any of the ways described at the end of this Notice. You may at any time withdraw or change your consent to our use and disclosure of your information or request us to delete if from our files, subject to legal and contractual restrictions and requirements related to any transaction.We retain your information as long as it is required for the purposes identified when you provided the information for such specific purposes or for any new purposes identified by us and consented to by you, and for any appropriate time thereafter including a sufficient time following to permit you to ask any questions regarding its use. Your contact information which you provide through the customer profile process (described above) is retained until you request us to delete or change it. Information which is created as part of your shopping experience, such as shopping lists, price offers, personal planners and designs, is retained for varying periods up to two years. Certain information is retained for longer periods for our internal audit and quality control purposes.IKEA does not share personal information about its consumers with any third parties outside the IKEA corporate family for their own marketing purposes. However, we may do so within the IKEA corporate family. We do share this information with service providers we have retained to perform services on our behalf, but these service providers are not authorized by us to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements. We also may disclose information about you as required by law.
We reserve the right to transfer any information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets. If the business is transferred, we will provide you with the opportunity to tell us that you would prefer that information about you not be transferred. Should such a transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to try to ensure that the transferee uses personal information about you in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Notice.The security of personal information is a high priority for us. We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect against unauthorized disclosure, use, alteration and destruction of the personal information in our possession. We are committed to providing appropriate security controls to protect personal information we have about you against foreseeable hazards.We may transfer your information outside of the United States for processing and storing. The privacy laws in other jurisdictions may differ from United States privacy laws and in some jurisdictions your information may be accessed by law enforcement authorities or the courts. If you would like to obtain more information about our policies and practices relating to our transfer and processing information outside of the United States, please contact us in any of the ways described below under “How can I contact IKEA?”.IKEA services and promotions will change over time. This Privacy Notice will be updated periodically to reflect those changes and corresponding changes in our information practices. Whenever we revise this Privacy Notice, we will change the date on the notice to indicate when the revisions were made. We reserve the right to change our information practices and the terms of this Privacy Notice, and to apply the changed practices to all information we have about you. By using this web site, you agree to accept the terms of this Privacy Notice as stated at the time you use it. Any future access to this web site subsequent to the posting of a revised Privacy Notice will be deemed to be your acceptance of this Privacy Notice as then revised. We reserve the right to change this Privacy Notice at any time.The IKEA website may contain links to other websites that operate independently of IKEA and are not under our control. We provide links to other websites solely for your convenience and information. Other websites may have their own privacy notices, which we suggest you review if you visit any linked websites. IKEA is not responsible for information that is provided by, or collected through, those websites or for any other use of those websites.We recognize that having accurate and up-to-date information about you and your preferences is important to our ability to properly serve your interests. You can update your email contact information by clicking here, or by using one of the options provided below.We will send you email only if you have provided us with your email address and have asked us to communicate with you this way.

IKEA also occassionally sends emails to customers who have opted in to receive emails from third parties. To unsubscribe from these communications, simply click on the unsubscribe link located within the email and you will be able to unsubscribe from the list owner.If you prefer not to receive product information or promotions from us by U.S. Mail, please click here. To unsubscribe from our email list, please follow the opt-out instructions at the bottom of the email you received, or click here and update your profile by deselecting "Please send me: Inspirational emails and updates."If you have any other questions about IKEA's privacy practices or about your personal information, please contact us here or call
1-800-434-4532,
or write us at:
IKEA North America Services, LLC
Attention: Privacy Notice
420 Alan Wood Rd
Conshohocken, PA 19428
We will respond to your inquiry or investigate your concern as quickly as possible.
DATED: December 16, 2013Privacy Policy
Last modified: 24 June 2013 (view archived versions)

There are many different ways for you to use our services – to search for and share information, to communicate with other people or to create new content. When you share information with us, for example by creating a Google Account, we can make those services even better – to show you more relevant search results and ads, to help you connect with people or to make sharing with others quicker and easier. As you use our services, we want you to be clear how we're using information and the ways in which you can protect your privacy.

Our Privacy Policy explains:
What information we collect and why we collect it.
How we use that information.
The choices we offer, including how to access and update information.
We've tried to keep it as simple as possible, but if you're not familiar with terms, such as cookies, IP addresses, pixel tags and browsers, then read about these key terms first. Your privacy matters to Google, so whether you are new to Google or a long-time user, please do take the time to get to know our practices – and if you have any questions, contact us.We collect information to provide better services to all of our users – from basics, such as which language you speak to more complex things, such as which ads you'll find most useful or the people who matter most to you online.

We collect information in two ways:
Information that you give us. For example, many of our services require you to sign up for a Google Account. When you do, we'll ask for personal information, such as your name, email address, telephone number or credit card number. If you want to take full advantage of the sharing features that we offer, we might also ask you to create a publicly visible Google Profile, which may include your name and photo.
Information that we get from your use of our services. We may collect information about the services that you use and how you use them, such as when you visit a website that uses our advertising services or you view and interact with our ads and content. This information includes:
Device information
We may collect device-specific information (such as your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers and mobile network information, including phone number). Google may associate your device identifiers or phone number with your Google Account.
Log information
When you use our services or view content provided by Google, we may automatically collect and store certain information in server logs. This may include:
details of how you used our service, such as your search queries.
telephony log information, such as your phone number, calling-party number, forwarding numbers, time and date of calls, duration of calls, SMS routing information and types of calls.
Internet protocol address.
device event information, such as crashes, system activity, hardware settings, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and referral URL.
cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or your Google Account.

Location information
When you use a location-enabled Google service, we may collect and process information about your actual location, such as GPS signals sent by a mobile device. We may also use various technologies to determine location, such as sensor data from your device that may, for example, provide information on nearby Wi-Fi access points and mobile towers.

Unique application numbers
Certain services include a unique application number. This number and information about your installation (for example, the operating system type and application version number) may be sent to Google when you install or uninstall that service or when that service periodically contacts our servers, such as for automatic updates.

Local storage
We may collect and store information (including personal information) locally on your device, using mechanisms such as browser web storage (including HTML 5) and application data caches.

Cookies and anonymous identifiers
We use various technologies to collect and store information when you visit a Google service, which may include one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers sent to your device. We also use cookies and anonymous identifiers when you interact with services that we offer to our partners, such as advertising services or Google features that may appear on other sites.We use the information that we collect from all of our services to provide, maintain, protect and improve them, to develop new ones and to protect Google and our users. We also use this information to offer you tailored content – such as giving you more relevant search results and ads.

We may use the name that you provide for your Google Profile across all of the services we offer that require a Google Account. In addition, we may replace past names associated with your Google Account, so that you are represented consistently across all our services. If other users already have your email or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Profile information, such as your name and photo.

When you contact Google, we may keep a record of your communication to help resolve any issues that you might be facing. We may use your email address to inform you about our services, such as letting you know about upcoming changes or improvements.

We use information collected from cookies and other technologies, like pixel tags, to improve your user experience and the overall quality of our services. For example, by saving your language preferences, we'll be able to provide you our services in your preferred language. When showing you tailored ads, we will not associate a cookie or anonymous identifier with sensitive categories, such as those based on race, religion, sexual orientation or health.

We may combine personal information from one service with information, including personal information, from other Google services – for example, to make it easier to share things with people you know. We will not combine DoubleClick cookie information with personally identifiable information unless we have your opt-in consent.

We will ask for your consent before using information for a purpose other than those set out in this Privacy Policy.

Google processes personal information on our servers in many countries around the world. We may process your personal information on a server located outside the country where you live.People have different privacy concerns. Our goal is to be clear about what information we collect, so that you can make meaningful choices about how it is used. For example, you can:

Review and control certain types of information tied to your Google Account by using Google Dashboard.
View and edit your ads preferences, such as which categories might interest you, using Ads Settings. You can also opt out of certain Google advertising services here.
Use our editor to see and adjust how your Google Profile appears to particular individuals.
Control who you share information with.
Take information out of many of our services.
You may also set your browser to block all cookies, including cookies associated with our services, or to indicate when a cookie is being set by us. However, it's important to remember that many of our services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled. For example, we may not remember your language preferences.Many of our services let you share information with others. Remember that when you share information publicly, it may be indexable by search engines, including Google. Our services provide you with different options for sharing and removing your content.Whenever you use our services, we aim to provide you with access to your personal information. If that information is wrong, we strive to give you ways to update it quickly or to delete it – unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business or legal purposes. When updating your personal information, we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request.

We may reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require disproportionate technical effort (for example, developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing practice), risk the privacy of others or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup tapes).

Where we can provide information access and correction, we will do so free of charge, except where it would require a disproportionate effort. We aim to maintain our services in a manner that protects information from accidental or malicious destruction. Because of this, after you delete information from our services, we may not immediately delete residual copies from our active servers and may not remove information from our backup systems.We do not share personal information with companies, organisations and individuals outside Google unless one of the following circumstances applies:
With your consent
We will share personal information with companies, organisations or individuals outside Google when we have your consent to do so. We require opt-in consent for the sharing of any sensitive personal information.
With domain administrators
If your Google Account is managed for you by a domain administrator (for example, for Google Apps users) then your domain administrator and resellers who provide user support to your organisation will have access to your Google Account information (including your emails and other data). Your domain administrator may be able to:
view statistics regarding your account, such as statistics regarding applications that you install.
change your account password.
suspend or terminate your account access.
access or retain information stored as part of your account.
receive your account information in order to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
restrict your ability to delete or edit information or privacy settings.
Please refer to your domain administrator's privacy policy for more information.

For external processing
We provide personal information to our affiliates or other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.

For legal reasons
We will share personal information with companies, organisations or individuals outside Google if we have a belief in good faith that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.
protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users or the public, as required or permitted by law.
We may share aggregated, non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners, such as publishers, advertisers or connected sites. For example, we may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services.

If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, we will continue to ensure the confidentiality of any personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.We work hard to protect Google and our users from unauthorised access to or unauthorised alteration, disclosure or destruction of information that we hold. In particular:
We encrypt many of our services using SSL.
We offer you two-step verification when you access your Google Account and a Safe Browsing feature in Google Chrome.
We review our information collection, storage and processing practices, including physical security measures, to guard against unauthorised access to systems.
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to process it for us and who are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations. They may be disciplined or their contract terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.Our Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google Inc. and its affiliates, including services offered on other sites (such as our advertising services), but excludes services with separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.

Our Privacy Policy does not apply to services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites that may be displayed to you in search results, sites that may include Google services or other sites linked from our services. Our Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices of other companies and organisations that advertise our services and that may use cookies, pixel tags and other technologies to serve and offer relevant ads.We regularly review our compliance with our Privacy Policy. We also adhere to several self-regulatory frameworks. When we receive formal written complaints, we will contact the person who made the complaint to follow up. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that we cannot resolve with our users directly.Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes). We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review.The following notices explain specific privacy practices with respect to certain Google products and services that you may use:
Chrome and Chrome OS
Books
Wallet
FiberAir Canada's Privacy Protection Policy

TRUSTe online privacy certification
We understand the importance of protecting the personal information of our customers and our employees. To earn and maintain your trust we have designed our policy to meet or exceed the requirements of the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA) and the ten principles set forth in the Canadian National Standard for the Protection of Personal Information. In addition, we are constantly looking for new and better ways to secure your personal information and to ensure that it is used in a responsible and respectful manner.

Air Canada has been awarded TRUSTe's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe's program requirements including transparency, accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information. The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through downloadable software. TRUSTe's mission, as an independent third party, is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions. If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices, you should first contact Air Canada's Privacy Office as follows:
Air Canada Privacy Office
Air Canada Centre
Law Branch ZIP YUL 1276
7373 Cote Vertu West
St. Laurent, Quebec H4Y 1H4
Telephone: (514) 422-6020
Facsimile: (514) 422-2641
Email: privacy_vieprivee@aircanada.ca

If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe.Air Canada has a Privacy Office that is responsible for ensuring compliance with the requirements of PIPEDA. Should you have any questions regarding this policy or concerns with respect to Air Canada's compliance with the requirements of PIPEDA, you may contact  contact the Air Canada Privacy Office at the above address.When you purchase airline tickets or make a flight booking for yourself or someone else by contacting Air Canada reservations, by going to an IATA accredited travel agency, or by booking directly online you will be required to provide certain personal information to complete your transaction. This may include name, address, telephone number, payment card number and expiry date. The information is required to identify you, in order to contact you, if necessary and to complete the process of your purchase. We also request your gender to assist in estimating the aircraft's total load and as an additional identifier.

If you request a customized service we may also need to collect additional personal information as described below.On some of Air Canada's flights special meals to accommodate a range of dietary requirements are available. Availability must be determined at the time you book your flight. If you are able to make such a request the information must be recorded in your travel booking. This information is then transferred to the applicable catering service as well as the flight crew. In certain airports the ground handling is outsourced to another airline. In that case, we would need to transfer your information to the handling airline. If your travel includes a transfer from Air Canada to another airline your special meal request will be transferred where the service is available.Air Canada offers special discounts to infants and children. To assess your fare eligibility and ensure that your ticket is correctly processed we need to record the passenger's date of birth at the time of booking. At the airport, for verification, you are required to present personal identification with the date of birth of the passenger. If your travel includes a transfer from Air Canada to another airline your date of birth will also be transferred to that airline in order that you benefit from the discount.We offer a range of travel services to customers with special needs. We also do our best to make your travel with us as comfortable as possible. Should you require special assistance such as the use of a wheelchair, or should you have a medical condition requiring the supply of oxygen on board, we need to record this information in your travel booking. In certain situations an Air Canada doctor will need to contact your personal physician in order to ensure that all necessary precautions for your safety and enjoyment are taken. This information will be forwarded to the airport staff as well as to the flight crew.

In certain airports we outsource the ground handling to another airline. When that is the case, we need to transfer the information to the handling airline. If your travel includes a transfer from Air Canada to another airline the requirement for special assistance may also be transferred so that the receiving airline can accommodate you as best as possible.

Safety is always a top priority at Air Canada. To assure the safety of our passengers and crew we need to know of any special requirements for assistance. This allows us to plan and reserve the seating arrangements to maximize safety.Children between the ages of eight and eleven may travel alone on Air Canada. However, the Unaccompanied Minor (UM) service is mandatory. The UM service includes provisions for your child to be escorted by Air Canada agents and/or flight attendants from the moment they arrive at airport check-in until they reach their final destination.

You must request the service at time of booking by calling Air Canada Reservations. Because of the additional security precautions necessary to protect your child, bookings for unaccompanied minors (8-11 years old) cannot be made online at aircanada.com.

Upon arrival at the airport, you will need to complete a "Request for Carriage" form. The information on this form identifies your child and their flight itinerary, and includes the contact information of the person(s) meeting your child at final destination. You will also need to provide the contact information and authorizing signature of the parent/guardian authorizing the request for travel. This information is required in order to ensure the safety of your child.As a customer of Air Canada you have the opportunity of accumulating points in one of a variety of frequent flyer programs. In order to automatically credit your account with these points the information needs to be forwarded to the administrator of the applicable frequent flyer program. This information includes time, date of flown segments, class of service and other personal information that may include: name, address and phone number, in order to identify you. To fulfill these requirements we need to register the frequent flyer program name and your frequent flyer number on your booking.Air Canada was one of the first airlines to use a customer loyalty program. By joining aircanada.com you automatically join Aeroplan. This program allows us to develop and recommend products and services based on an understanding of your interests and needs. Aeroplan enables our customers to accumulate miles for segments flown on Air Canada or for services or products purchased from participating Aeroplan partners. These miles are exchangeable for travel on Air Canada or on any of Aeroplan's partner airlines. To support this, Air Canada and Aeroplan are required to exchange information in order to ensure that your Aeroplan account is maintained and that miles are credited and debited correctly. The information exchanged is limited to that which is required to fulfill the purpose. In addition, being an Aeroplan member makes it easier for you to book a flight. When you call Air Canada reservations and give your Aeroplan number, we can automatically transfer the information required to hold a flight booking from your Aeroplan account. Information such as your seating preference and choice of meal can be kept on your Aeroplan profile. To access your personal Aeroplan information on the Internet, we ask for your Aeroplan password. This is a security precaution to ensure that your information is safeguarded. You can request your password through the homepage of aircanada.com by clicking on 'Join now/Sign in' then 'Forgot/Need a password?'.A cookie is a small non-executable file that is stored on your hard drive for the purpose of identifying your computer. While it is possible to make a booking at aircanada.com by having your browser's Internet security set such that it will not accept cookies your online experience may be greatly reduced.

Air Canada uses both session cookies and permanent cookies at aircanada.com. Session cookies are active only during the period you are logged on to aircanada.com website and are removed when you leave. They help us track the sections of the website that you use to allow us to make improvements in keeping with observed user preferences.

Permanent cookies remain on your hard drive until you remove them through your browser's Internet security settings. Permanent cookies are used to store user preferences such as preferred language and thus eliminate your having to make the same entries on each visit.

Our cookies are not tied to personally identifiable information.

This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by www.aircanada.com only and does not cover the use of cookies by any third parties. Some of our business partners (e.g., tracking utilities) use cookies on our site. We have no access to or control over these cookies.We use local shared objects, also known as Flash cookies, to store your preferences such as volume control or high game score, or display content based upon what you view on our site to personalize your visit. Third Parties, with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity, use Flash cookies to collect and store information.

Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount of, type of, and how data is stored. Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies. Learn more about managing privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies.Air Canada also uses Conversion Beacons (small, simple snippet of HTML code) inserted in the source of the designated website pages. Conversion Beacon technology works by leveraging industry standard browser based cookie technology and simple standard html coding. Email recipients who receive a Conversion Beacon enabled email message will receive a small unique cookie that is stored in their browser session. This unique cookie is later used to connect the email recipient with the subsequent recipient activity on the client website.

The purpose of tracking the activity is to better understand the email flow of our subscribers and to measure the effectiveness of ads. For this reason our Conversion Beacons are tied to personally identifiable information (email address).When you book your travel or join aircanada.com, you provide Air Canada with your implied consent to use your information to fulfill your request.When you book your travel at aircanada.com you are added to our email list that will be used to contact you occasionally with offers that we feel will be of interest to you. If you do not want Air Canada to contact you with offers you may withdraw your consent at any time simply by changing your profile information and opting out of any or all of the email offers you no longer wish to subscribe to by clicking on 'email offers' on the homepage. If you later change your mind it is just as simple to opt back in to the email offers of your choice. In addition, all emails sent to you by Air Canada contain simple instructions telling you how to "unsubscribe."

Some information is collected automatically every time you visit aircanada.com (e.g., cookies and conversion beacons).

If you opt in to one or more of Air Canada's email offers you are consenting to allow Air Canada to contact you regarding those offers.

You may withdraw your consent at any time simply by changing your profile information or by following the instructions on how to "unsubscribe" contained in all emails sent by Air Canada.
Third Party Bookings, Changes to Bookings and Air Canada Rewards for Business
If a third party, including a family member, friend, or work colleague, seeks to make a booking on your behalf, that party will be asked to provide us with the same personal information that we would normally collect from you directly in order to complete your transaction. Unless and until we are advised otherwise, we consider that such third party has your consent and authorization to provide us with your personal information and make bookings (and changes thereto) on your behalf in accordance with this privacy policy. Please note that the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information by a third party is subject to your dealings with them and any applicable privacy policies and practices they may have.

If a third party who has booked your current flight or other travel service or who otherwise has your full name and booking reference contacts us and seeks information on your booking or wishes to make changes to it, we will disclose your booking information and allow such third party to make changes as we will conclude that you have given them your consent to do so. If you do not want an individual to be able to obtain information on or make changes to your booking, you should not share your booking reference with them.

Please also note that if you make your booking through the Air Canada Rewards for Business loyalty program that your employer, travel arranger, and other parties may be able to access certain information with respect to your bookings and make changes thereto. For more information on the Air Canada Rewards for Business loyalty program, please consult the Air Canada Rewards for Business Questions and Answers.Air Canada will limit the collection of personal information to that which is necessary to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected.

Air Canada uses contractual and other means to ensure that your personal information is afforded protection that meets the requirements of PIPEDA whenever one of our third party service providers is used to perform services on our behalf, including, without limitation, services relating to information technology, data processing and storage, research, marketing, conducting surveys and customer relations. . Our third party service providers may contact you directly on our behalf to conduct research or surveys. Research and survey data is reported back to Air Canada as aggregated data with no reference to individual customers. These third parties may not use any personally identifiable information for their own marketing purposes. In some cases, Air Canada's third party service providers, including third party service providers of information technology, data processing, marketing and data storage services, are located outside Canada. As such, your personal information may be processed or stored in other countries, including the United States. In certain circumstances, Air Canada's third party service providers may be required to disclose information to government authorities, regulators, courts, or law enforcement in those countries.

Customers who do not wish to be contacted for research, marketing or survey purposes should advise Air Canada's Privacy Office.Air Canada will not use or disclose your personal information for purposes other than those for which it was collected without your explicit consent or as required by law. You should understand that all airlines, including Air Canada, are required by new security laws in the U.S. and several other countries to give border control agencies access to passenger data. Accordingly, any information we hold about you and your travel arrangements may be disclosed to customs and immigration authorities of any country in your itinerary.

Customer information is retained for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected.When you join aircanada.com you can ensure that the personal information we hold is accurate and up to date. You supply the information and if it should change, for example if your telephone number changes simply click on 'View/Update My Profile" and make the necessary changes.Personal information is encrypted as it travels over the Internet. Depending on your web browser you may see a secure webpage indicator, for example a closed lock in the lower right hand corner of the Internet Explorer browser.

The use of Secure Socket Layer protocol (SSL) allows all personal information such as your payment card number, to be encrypted as it travels from your computer to Air Canada's booking system. Once received, the information is unencrypted and processed in the same way as a payment card transaction placed via the telephone.Air Canada's privacy practices are as outlined within this policy. Should you have any questions or comments you may contact the Air Canada Privacy Office at the address provided above.With certain limited exceptions as provided in the PIPEDA you have a right to access your personal information held by Air Canada. You may access your personal information held in your aircanada.com profile by clicking on 'View/Update My Profile' on the homepage or by contacting the Air Canada Privacy Office at the address provided above.

If you want access to your personal information on your travel booking through an Air Canada Call Centre you should have your booking reference number or your e-ticket number available to help us ensure that you are entitled to access the information.

If you have other queries you may contact the Air Canada Privacy Office at the address provided above.If you have any concerns regarding Air Canada's compliance with the 10 principles of the PIPEDA you may address those concerns to the Air Canada Privacy Office at the address provided above. Complaints concerning Air Canada's compliance with PIPEDA are taken seriously and all complaints are investigated.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
This policy takes effect on December 4, 2004 and was last updated on January 9, 2013. Air Canada reserves the right to unilaterally modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy we will notify you on our homepage and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.Privacy Statement
PRIVACY STATEMENT • SLASHDOT MEDIA

LAST UPDATED: MARCH 15, 2013
(Effective Date May 24, 2008)

Dice Career Solutions, Inc. and Slashdot Media (“Slashdot Media”), subsidiaries of Dice Holdings, Inc., operate the Internet sites SlashdotMedia.com, SourceForge.net, Slashdot.org, feedery.com, and Freecode.com (the “Sites”). Slashdot Media is committed to protecting the privacy of users of the Sites. This Privacy Statement applies to each of the Sites and describes the information Slashdot Media collects about users and how that information may be used.

Slashdot Media complies with the United States (“US”)/European Union (“EU”) and US/Swiss Safe Harbor frameworks as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use and retention of personal data from European Union member countries and Switzerland. Slashdot Media has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement.

We self-certify compliance with
SafeHarborLogo-FinalLines copy.jpgTRUSTe European Safe Harbor certification
To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view Slashdot Media's certification, please visit http://export.gov/safeharbor

For additional information about what to do if you have questions or concerns about our Safe Harbor program, please see the enforcement section below.
Slashdot Media reserves the right to update and change this Privacy Statement from time to time. If Slashdot Media makes material changes to its privacy practices, a notice will be posted on this web page. Each time a user uses the Sites, the current version of the Privacy Statement applies. Accordingly, a user should check the date of this Privacy Statement (which appears at the top) and review for any changes since the last version. If a user does not agree to the Privacy Statement, the user should not use the Sites.

Slashdot Media has been awarded TRUSTe's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe's program requirements including transparency, accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information. TRUSTe's mission, as an independent third party, is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions. If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices, please contact us at privacy@dice.com.  If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here. The TRUSTe program covers information that is collected through the Sites.Slashdot Media provides this Privacy Statement to make users aware of Slashdot Media privacy practices, and of the choices a user may make about the way the user's information is collected and used.Users represent they are of legal age to create binding and financial obligations for any liability users may incur as a result of their use of the Sites. The Sites are not directed to children under the age of 13. Slashdot Media does not knowingly collect, or wish to obtain, personally identifiable information from children. If Slashdot Media becomes aware that a user is under the age of 13 and has provided personally identifiable information without prior verifiable parental or guardian consent, it will remove user's personally identifiable information from its files.Slashdot Media may collect three types of information from users of Sites: “personally identifiable information”, “device information” about the device you are using to access our site, and “aggregate information.”
Personally identifiable information is any piece of information which can potentially be used to uniquely identify, contact, or locate a user of the Sites (such as name, email address, postal address, telephone number).
Device information is information about the device and its attributes (such as information about how your browser is configured, whether your device has enabled cookies, its Flash settings, the device's identification number and other characteristics about the device); it also may be personally identifiable information in cases where it is associated with the name or other identifier for a Site user.  We use device information for purposes such as enhancing the user experience.
Aggregate information is non-personally identifiable/anonymous information about users of the Sites (such as frequency of visits to Sites, Site pages most frequently accessed browser type).  Aggregate information also may include pages visited along with any navigation and in-page interactions used during each visit. In-page interactions monitored include: clicks and selections, mouse movement, page scrolling, and form fields focused on (specific keystrokes entered into each field are not collected).  Aggregate information is used in a collective manner and no single person can be identified by that compiled information.
We also use Omniture, comScore and Google Analytics for aggregation and analysis of session information.
If you would like to opt-out of the aggregation and analysis of your session information by Omniture, please see the section about browser cookies below for information about how you can control browser cookies.
If you would like to opt-out of information collection by comScore, please visit: http://www.scorecardresearch.com/preferences.aspx.
If you would like to opt-out of Google Analytics, Google has developed a tool that works with major internet browsers to permit you to opt-out.  For more information and install their opt-out tool please visit: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. If you opt-out of Google Analytics, and Omniture monitoring, we still may collect some device and aggregate information ourselves through log files as discussed below or in connection with our forms.
On the Sites, users may order products or services, and register to receive materials. Personally identifiable information collected on the Sites includes community forum content, diaries, profiles, photographs, name, unique identifiers (e.g., passwords), contact and billing information (e.g., email address, postal address, telephone, fax), and transaction information. In order to tailor Slashdot Media's subsequent communications to users and continuously improve the Sites' products and services, Slashdot Media may also ask users to provide information regarding their interests, demographics, experience with its products, and detailed contact preferences.If you chose to use third-party social networking sites, such as Facebook or Twitter, to log into one of our sites that offers that login feature, we may collect information, such as your basic profile information, gender, age, interests, and other demographic and geographical information, from the social networking site you use to interact with our site.  If you do not want to share information from your social networking account with us you can either decline to use these features or check your social networking site's current privacy setting options to see what options they provide for limiting disclosures when you use login sharing features.

This privacy policy will apply to our use of information collected about you through these offerings. We do not control the privacy practices of your social networking sites. As a result, we want you to be aware that when you use these offerings you may be providing information to both us and the social networking site, and you should review your social networking site's privacy policy to be sure that you know how it will use any data that it collects.  Similarly, if you choose to post content from our site through your social networking accounts, you will be sharing information about your activities with your social networking provider.Slashdot Media uses web beacons from time to time. Such web beacons may be provided by Slashdot Media's third party advertising companies to help manage and optimize Slashdot Media's online advertising. To opt out of targeted advertising delivered by Network Advertising Initiative members, click here: http://www.networkadvertising.org/consumer/opt_out.asp  A web beacon is a string of code that provides a method for delivering a graphic image on a web page or in an email message for the purpose of transferring data, or determining how many times a specific web page has been viewed. Web beacons enable Slashdot Media to recognize a browser's cookie when a browser visits a Site, and to learn which banner ads bring users to each Site. For example, when a user visits a web page, the code for the page may include instructions to go to another server to gather a single pixel graphic image. Web beacons are not placed on a user's computer.Slashdot Media uses cookies on the Sites. A “browser” or “HTTP” cookie is a unique text file that may be used for data analysis, and enables a web site to tailor information presented to a user based on a user's browsing program. Slashdot Media may use browser cookies to personalize a user's pages at a Site or Sites, to remember a user when the user registers for products or services, for fraud prevention, or to track visits to a Site or across our Sites. If a user does not want Slashdot Media or its partners to deploy browser cookies in the user's browser when the user visits the Sites, the user may set the browser to reject cookies or to notify the user when a web site tries to place cookies in the browser program. Rejecting cookies may affect a user's ability to use some of the products, features, functions, or services on our Sites.

Our Sites also may use local shared objects, also known as “Flash cookies” to store your preferences or display content based upon what you view on our website to personalize your visit. Flash cookies are different from “browser” cookies because of the amount of, type of, and how data is stored. Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies. To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies, including how to delete Flash cookies, click here for additional information: http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html#117118.

The ads appearing on the Sites may be delivered to visitors by third parties, such as Google. The third party advertising technology that Slashdot Media uses on the Sites uses information derived from a user's visits to the Sites to target advertising within the Sites. In addition, Slashdot Media's advertisers may use other third party advertising technology to target advertising on the Sites. In the course of serving advertisements to the Sites, our partners may place or recognize a unique cookie on a user's browser. Information about users' visits to the Sites, such as the number of times users have viewed an ad (but not users' names, addresses, or other personally identifiable information), are used to serve ads to visitors. The use of cookies enables our partners to serve ads to users based on such user's visit to Slashdot Media's sites and other sites on the Internet. As with other cookies, and consistent with Slashdot Media's policy on cookies stated above, the user may block or delete such cookies from the user's drive or memory. For more information about Google, Google's use of cookies, and how to “opt out” of Google's email/information lists, please click here: http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html. As noted in the Web Beacon discussion above, users also can opt-out of receiving these types of targeted network advertisements from many advertising networks by visiting the National Advertising Initiative website identified above. For a more detailed discussion, please see Slashdot Media's Cookies and Opt-Out Choices Statement.Slashdot Media web servers may automatically log aggregate information, such as a user's IP address, domain name, browser type, date and time of access, and other log file data. This information may be used to analyze trends or administer the Sites.

With respect to SourceForge.net, Slashdot Media contracts with third party mirror providers, who deliver integrated communications services, including Internet access services, to deploy mirrors of downloads in order to make file downloading via SourceForge.net faster and more convenient. The logging practices and other policies of mirror sites may differ from those set forth in this Privacy Statement.Slashdot Media may use the personally identifiable information a user submits for any purposes related to Slashdot Media's business, including, but not limited to:

To understand a user's needs and create content that is relevant to the user;
To generate statistical studies;
To conduct market research and planning by sending user surveys;
To notify user referrals of Slashdot Media services, information, or products when a user requests that Slashdot Media send such information to referrals;
To improve services, information, and products;
To help a user complete a transaction, or provide services or customer support to users and to recipients of Slashdot Media products;
To communicate with the user and with recipients of Slashdot Media products;
To update users and recipients of Slashdot Media products about services, information, and products;
To personalize a Site for the user;
To notify the user of any changes with a Site which may affect the user;
To enforce terms of use on a Site; and
To allow the user to purchase products, access services, or otherwise engage in activities the user selects.
User names, identifications (“IDs”), and email addresses (as well as any additional information that a user may choose to post) may be publicly available on a Site when a user voluntarily and publicly discloses personally identifiable information, such as when a user posts personally identifiable information in conjunction with content subject to an Open Source license, or as part of a message posted to a public forum or a publicly-released software application. Users may not be able to change or remove public postings once posted. Such personally identifiable information may be used by visitors of these pages to send unsolicited messages. Slashdot Media is not responsible for any consequences which may occur from the use of personally identifiable information that a user chooses to submit to public pages.

With respect to surveys, in the event that responses are publicly disclosed, users will be notified at the time they take the survey. Slashdot Media will disclose only aggregate information regarding its users, i.e., anonymous information that does not identify any specific individual. Circumstances under which Slashdot Media would publicly disclose such aggregate information include, but are not limited to, sharing survey results with the site population, providing data to Slashdot Media advertisers on user preferences and/or demographics, and publicizing overall usage data in press communications. Where surveys allow users to submit written comments, and where Slashdot Media advises users of the possibility of such disclosure at the time they take the survey, Slashdot Media reserves the right to disclose any information provided by users, provided that no personal information identifying a specific user is disclosed. Participation in surveys is at a user's option; Slashdot Media does not conduct mandatory surveys.A user makes the decision whether to proceed with activities that request personally identifiable information, such as online contact us and order forms. If a user does not provide requested information, the user may not be able to complete certain transactions.

Users who use the personally identifiable information of other users agree to use such information only for:
Using services offered through a Site;
Site transaction-related purposes and not for unsolicited commercial messages; or
Other purposes that the other user expressly chooses.
Users are not licensed to add other users to a Site, even users who entered into transactions with them, or to their mail lists without consent.
Slashdot Media encourages users to evaluate privacy and security policies of any of the Sites' transaction partners before entering into transactions or choosing to disclose personally identifiable information.Slashdot Media will not use the personally identifiable information provided to it online in ways unrelated to the purposes identified in the “How Slashdot Media uses the information collected” section above without first letting a user know and offering the user a choice. If a user no longer wishes to receive direct marketing materials, Slashdot Media will provide instructions in its marketing email messages on how to be removed from any lists. Slashdot Media will make commercially reasonable efforts to honor such requests. For information about how Slashdot Media may share personally identifiable information, please see the Onward Transfer section below.
Users may have the opportunity to use a service to send electronic mail to another user or email list. In such cases, a user's valid email address and real name will be included with such messages. In order to prevent abuse, users may not opt out of such a display, but may choose to refrain from using such service to transmit an email message.

Slashdot Media sites may offer an email alias service that allows a user to create an email alias that forwards to the user's personal email account. Slashdot Media does not publish a user's personal email address, but does publicize email aliases which may allow an individual to identify or contact a user. A user who obtains an email alias may not opt out of such publication of the email alias. Please note, however, in certain cases, such as a “bounced-back” email message, it is possible that the user's personal email address could be exposed to other parties to the communication.A user's personally identifiable information may be publicly available through a user's profile or user ID display. Depending upon which of the Sites the user visits, the user may have the option to opt out of publicly displaying their real names by changing their display name under the Sites' user preferences. Profile or user ID display may allow other users to see a user's activities, including purchase and sales content, ratings, and comments.Users may have the opportunity to submit photographs to the Sites for product promotions, contests, and other purposes to be disclosed at the time of request. In these circumstances, the Sites are designed to allow the public to view, download, save, and otherwise access the photographs posted. By submitting photographs, users waive any privacy expectations users have with respect to the security of such photographs, and Slashdot Media's use or exploitation of users' likeness. All photographs submitted to Slashdot Media become the property of Slashdot Media and will not be returned.

ONWARD TRANSFERNoneUnless Slashdot Media has a user's permission, as otherwise described in this Privacy Statement, or as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, Slashdot Media will only share the personally identifiable information a user provides online with other entities that are part of the Slashdot Media corporate family and/or outside service providers who may be used to ship products, process credit cards, provide technical support, handle order processing, or otherwise act on Slashdot Media's behalf. These third party service providers are prohibited from using users' information for any other purpose, including their own marketing.

When Slashdot Media uses third parties to assist in processing a Site user's personally identifiable information, Slashdot Media requires that these third parties establish safeguards to protect the confidentiality of the information that we provide them. For processing that involves information subject to Safe Harbor, we take steps to confirm that they subscribe to Safe Harbor, are subject to the EU Directive or another adequacy finding, or we enter into a written agreement requiring that they provide at least the same level of protection as required by the relevant Safe Harbor principles.

Sites may share personally identifiable information with third parties for marketing purposes, but will provide users with choices about disclosures of personally identifiable information for marketing purposes.

Please be advised that in certain instances, it may be necessary for Slashdot Media to disclose a user's personally identifiable information without a user's permission to government officials or otherwise as required by legal obligations. Slashdot Media may disclose such personally identifiable information when responding to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise legal rights or defend against claims, including fraud or infringement investigations.

Data collected online may be combined with information a user provides through other means of communication, such as postal mail or third parties to further carry out the purposes described above under the heading “How Slashdot Media uses the information collected.” When users choose to provide Slashdot Media with personally identifiable information, users consent to the transfer and storage of such information by Slashdot Media servers in the United States.

In addition, Slashdot Media reserves the right to share aggregate information collected from users of the Sites, without prior notice, with entities that are part of the Slashdot Media corporate family and unrelated third parties. Aggregate information is used in a collective manner and no single person can be identified by such compiled information.

Slashdot Media may share certain data from SourceForge.net, Freecode.com, Feedery.com, and Slashdot.org with researchers and research organizations for the sole purpose of supporting academic and scholarly research on free and/or open source software.  Slashdot Media may further choose to establish agreements, as in the case of University of Notre Dame, for these parties to act in a clearinghouse capacity and authorize them to share this data with other researchers studying free and/or open source software.  When data from these websites is transmitted to researchers, Slashdot Media makes commercially reasonable efforts to remove personally identifiable information from data fields designed to capture personally identifiable information (other than user names and information that users have made publicly available through one of the sites).  Slashdot Media, however, does not guarantee the complete removal of information that may identify a user, particularly in cases where the user has provided that information in comment fields or other fields not specifically designed for the collection of identifiers.

Slashdot Media may make presentations, white papers and other content from other organizations available to the users of Slashdot Media sites.  To obtain access to this content you may be asked to provide personal information, such as your name and contact information.  This personal information may be shared with the organization that is making the content available and their use of the personal information will be subject to their own privacy policies.

If you choose to make information available to other people through instant messages, status updates, group forum discussions or lists, electronic mail messages, bulletin boards, blog postings, or by joining groups or using other networking functions that we may offer on the Sites (either our own or through third party applications such as Facebook, Twitter or Linkedin), this information will be visible to these third parties. Please take care in deciding what information you choose to make available through these mechanisms, as we do not control the manner in which recipients or persons who may see the information may use, retain, or re-disclose the information that you choose to provide.  In addition, if you use third party social networking sites to interact with our sites, we may exchange information with those social networking sites.  Whether to use social networking sites to interact with our Sites, when that capability is offered, is your choice.  In addition, you may restrict the sharing of information from your social networking accounts to the extent permitted by your social networking site's privacy settings.To purchase services, users may be asked to be directed to a third party site, like PayPal, to pay for their purchases. If applicable, the third party site may collect payment information directly to facilitate a transaction. None of this information will be captured or stored by Slashdot Media.Links to third party web sites or widgets to enable sharing of information through social networks on the Sites are provided solely as a convenience to the user. When a user uses these links, the user leaves the Sites. Slashdot Media has not reviewed all of these third party sites, does not control, and is not responsible for, any of the third party sites, their content or privacy practices. Slashdot Media does not endorse or make any representations about the third party sites, or any information, services, or products found on the sites. If a user decides to access any of the linked sites, Slashdot Media encourages the user to read their privacy statements. The user accesses such sites at user's own risk.SourceForge.net offers web hosting services that permit project teams to share information among developers and end users (“Project Web”). The project web services include a pool of web servers which serve project related web content and support common scripting language. Slashdot Media hosts these web servers, but does not review or control any of the web content, including personally identifiable information, which may be created by project teams; nor are we liable for any data breach related to a Project Web application. Web content created by Project Web teams may implement the collection of personally identifiable information; thus the Project Web teams are responsible for any required breach notification. Before linking to, accessing or otherwise using the project web services, a user should take those steps necessary, in such user's discretion, to protect his or her privacy, including not using the Project Web services.Slashdot Media reserves the right to share or transfer personally identifiable information and aggregate information to a third party should Slashdot Media ever file for bankruptcy or in the event of a sale, merger or acquisition of Slashdot Media, provided such third party agrees to adhere to the terms of this Privacy Statement.Should a user find inaccuracies in such user's information, or desire to close an account or view or remove the personally identifiable information Slashdot Media may have regarding the user, the user may contact Slashdot Media through the communication methods described below, or when technically feasible, directly on a Site. Slashdot Media will make commercially reasonable efforts to respond to requests for access, updating or removal within thirty (30) days of receiving requests. Slashdot Media may decline to process users' access, updating or removal requests concerning their personally identifiable information if the requests require disproportionate technical 
effort, jeopardize the privacy of other users, are inconsistent with our legal obligations, or are impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup tapes).To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, Slashdot Media implements physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information Slashdot Media collects. Slashdot Media uses encryption when using the Internet to transfer or receive requested sensitive personally identifiable information. However, Slashdot Media does not guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never defeat measures taken to prevent improper use of personally identifiable information.

Internal Slashdot Media access to users' nonpublic personally identifiable information is restricted to Slashdot Media's administrators and individuals on a need-to-know basis. These individuals are bound by confidentiality agreements.

User passwords are keys to accounts. We use unique numbers, letters, and special characters for passwords and do not disclose passwords to other people in order to prevent loss of account control. Users are responsible for all actions taken in their accounts and are responsible to notify Slashdot Media of any password compromises, and change passwords periodically to maintain account protection. In addition to passwords, SourceForge.net users also obtain encryption keys for the release of files for download, development of web content, and other services. Users are responsible for all actions taken with encryption keys, and must promptly notify Slashdot Media of any security compromises involving such encryption keys.

Data Retention
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at privacy@dice.com and we will deactivate your account and will retain and use your information only as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.

ENFORCEMENT
In the event Slashdot Media becomes aware that the security of a Site has been compromised or user's personally identifiable information has been disclosed to unrelated third parties as a result of external activity, including but not limited to security attacks or fraud, Slashdot Media reserves the right to take reasonable appropriate measures, including but not limited to, investigation and reporting, and notification to and cooperation with law enforcement authorities. In the event of a data breach, Slashdot Media will make reasonable efforts to notify affected individuals if Slashdot Media believes that there is a reasonable risk of harm to the user as a result of the breach or if notice is otherwise required by law.

If you have comments or questions about Slashdot Media's privacy statement, please contact:
Email: privacy@dice.com
Telephone: 888-321-3423
Postal Mail:
Dice Career Solutions, Inc.
12150 Meredith Drive
Urbandale, IA  50323

If you have questions or concerns regarding this Policy, you should first contact privacy@dice.com. If contacting us does not resolve your complaint, you may raise your complaint with TRUSTe by Internet here, or by fax at 415-520-3420 or mail to TRUSTe Safe Harbor Compliance Dept., click for mailing address.  If you are faxing or mailing TRUSTe to lodge a complaint, you must include the following information: the name of company, the alleged privacy violation, your contact information, and whether you would like the particulars of your complaint shared with the company. For information about TRUSTe or the operation of TRUSTe's dispute resolution process, click here or request this information from TRUSTe at any of the addresses listed above. The TRUSTe dispute resolution process shall be conducted in English.CBS Interactive Privacy Policy

Effective Date: November 15, 2013
Note: The CBS Interactive Privacy Policy has been updated. Please review the updated privacy policy carefully before using the CBS Interactive Web Sites. By using any of the CBS Interactive Web Sites, you consent to the terms of the updated privacy policy.

Click here for more information about the updates
CBS Interactive Inc. ("CBS Interactive") is committed to protecting your privacy. CBS Interactive, its affiliates, and its subsidiaries own, operate, or provide access to, several interactive web sites and other interactive features that provide an authorized link to this Privacy Policy (collectively "CBS Interactive Web Sites"). This Privacy Policy applies only to the CBS Interactive Web Sites.

This Privacy Policy describes, among other things, the types of information collected about you when you visit a CBS Interactive Web Site; how your information may be used and when it may be disclosed; how you can control the use and disclosure of your information; and how your information is protected. Trust is a cornerstone of our mission at CBS Interactive. We are committed to gaining and maintaining your trust by following a core set of Privacy Principles.

This Privacy Policy applies to information, including contact information, collected about you by a CBS Interactive Web Site. This Privacy Policy does not cover any information collected through any other web site. Please note that some CBS Interactive Web Sites may contain links to non-CBS Interactive Web Sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites, and we recommend that you visit the privacy policies of each web site that you visit.

Information you provide directly to CBS Interactive Web Sites. You are not required to provide information about yourself when you visit a CBS Interactive Web Site. CBS Interactive Web Sites may ask you for different types of information when you register for certain services, access various content or features, or directly contact the Web Site including:
• Contact information, such as name, email address, postal address, phone number, facsimile number, and mobile number;
• User name, password, and password reminder questions and answers;
• Age and date of birth;
• Other demographic information, such as gender, job information, and zip code;
• Information for a public profile, such as your interests and the address of your web site;
• Communications preferences, such as which newsletters you would like to receive;
• Search queries;
• In limited circumstances, payment and identity verification information, such as credit card number, social security number or comparable national identifiers, and driver's license number where needed for payment, to complete a particular transaction, or to access a particular service (e.g., contests or paid subscriptions);
• Contact information about others when you provide information about others or refer a friend to a particular site or service (note: such information is used solely to facilitate the communications requested);
• Information posted in community discussions and other interactive online features;
• Correspondence you send to us; and
• Information collected about you offline (including via facsimile, mail, or in person for sweepstakes entrance forms).
Information we collect automatically on CBS Interactive Websites. CBS Interactive Web Sites may collect certain information automatically, including:
• Your browser type and operating system;
• Your Internet Protocol (IP) address, which is the number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet and that can sometimes be used to derive your general geographic area;
• Sites you visited before and after visiting a CBS Interactive Web Site;
• Web pages and advertisements you view and links you click on within CBS Interactive Web Sites;
• Unique identifiers, including mobile device identification numbers that can identify the physical location of such devices in accordance with applicable law;
• Information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other technologies;
• Information about your interactions with audio and video content, such as the type of content listened to and viewed, and information about your interactions with email messages, such as the links clicked on and whether the messages were opened or forwarded;
• Upon request, your bandwidth speed and information about the software programs installed on your computer; and
• Standard server log information.

Information we obtain from other sources. Where permitted by applicable law, we may collect information about you from other sources, including through interactive applications (such as mobile devices, third-party services, and embedded audio and video players), from co-branded partners and sites (for example, on our pages on Facebook), and from commercially available sources (such as data aggregators and public databases). The following are examples of information we may collect from other sources:
• Name, postal address, and telephone number;
• Demographic data, such as age, gender, and income level;
• If you access third-party services (such as Facebook, Google or Twitter) through a CBS Interactive Web Site, or if you access a CBS Interactive Web Site via a third-party service, your username and password for those services and other information available about or collected from you on those services, as described in our overview of third-party social networking services
• Your interests and purchase behavior;
• Publicly-observed data, such as activities on blogs, videos, and other online postings; and
• Other navigation data, such as web sites visited and advertisements viewed or clicked on.
This privacy policy does not cover the practices of third parties, including those that may disclose information to CBS Interactive.
Combining Information. Please note that all of the information we collect about you may be combined, including to help us tailor our communications to you and to develop rich online content and services across the CBS Interactive Web Sites.
We only use payment and identity verification information, such as credit card numbers, driver's license numbers, social security numbers, or comparable national identifiers as necessary for completing a particular transaction or fulfilling a service (e.g., paid subscriptions or awarding prizes to contest winners) or as otherwise required by law.

We generally use other information we collect about you to:
• Fulfill your requests for products, services, and information, including to send you electronic newsletters, authorize a purchase, and complete a transaction that you have requested;
• Enable you to participate in features such as surveys, polls, sweepstakes, and message boards;
• Provide you with electronic newsletters, information, special offers and promotional materials on behalf of CBS Interactive Web Sites, companies within our corporate family, and third parties, in accordance with applicable law;
• Analyze the use of CBS Interactive Web Sites and information about visitors to our Web Sites to understand and improve our service offerings and, in accordance with our sharing policies, discussed below, to produce anonymous or aggregated data and statistics that might help third parties develop their own products and service offerings;
• Customize the content you see when you visit a CBS Interactive Web Site;
• Develop and provide advertising tailored to your interests, as described in our overview of CBS Interactive online advertising;
• Prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities and otherwise in accordance with CBS Interactive's Terms of Use; and
• For any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent.
CBS Interactive is committed to maintaining your trust and we want you to understand when and with whom we may share information collected about you.
• With your consent. With your consent, we may share your contact information with third-party business partners. For example, CBS Interactive Web Sites such as ZDNet.com and BNET.com offer free access to relevant services (e.g., webcasts and white papers) if you agree to have your information shared with third parties so they can contact you about related products and services.
• Authorized third-party service providers. We share your information with third-party vendors who help us with specialized services, including customer support, email and text message deployment, business analytics, marketing, and data processing. These third parties are allowed to use your information to help us provide our services and not for any other purpose.
• Sweepstakes, contests, or promotions. When you choose to enter a sweepstakes, contest, or other promotion, and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the promotions, your information may be disclosed to sponsors and third parties who help design, administer and implement the promotion, including in connection with winner selection, prize fulfillment and aggregated data analysis. Your information also may be disclosed as required by law, such as on a winners list. Also, by entering a promotion, you are agreeing to the official rules that govern that promotion, including allowing the sponsors to use your name, voice, and likeness in advertising and marketing associated with the promotion in accordance with applicable law. All terms applicable to the particular promotion will be made available to you at the time you enter the promotion.
• Co-Branded Partners. Co-Branded Partners are third parties with whom a CBS Interactive Web Site may jointly offer a service or feature. You can tell when you are accessing a service offered by a Co-Branded Partner because the Co-Branded Partner's name will be featured prominently. You may be asked to provide information about yourself to register for a service offered by a Co-Branded Partner. In doing so, you may be providing your information to both us and the Co-Branded Partner, or we may share your information with the Co-Branded Partner. Please note that the Co-Branded Partner's privacy policy may apply to its use of your information.
• CBS Interactive Web Sites and other CBS businesses. The CBS Interactive family continues to grow to include innovative CBS Interactive Web Sites that offer rich and deep interactive experiences. Where permitted by law, we may share information we collect about you within the family of CBS Interactive Web Sites and with CBS Corporation, our parent company, and other CBS-affiliated companies, so we can provide you with information about products and services that might interest you.
• Business transfers. We may share your information in connection with a substantial corporate transaction, such as the sale of a CBS Interactive Web Site, a merger, consolidation, asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.
• Legal requirements. We may disclose information about our users, including contact information, to respond to subpoenas, court orders, legal process, and other law enforcement measures, and to comply with other legal obligations, such as FCC requirements.
• Protect our Web Sites and users. We may disclose information to protect and defend the legal rights, interests, and safety of CBS Interactive Web Sites, other CBS companies, and their employees, agents, and contractors (including enforcing our agreements); to protect the safety and security of users of the Web Sites and members of the public; and as otherwise disclosed in our Terms of Use.

Please note that we may share information with advertisers as described in our overview of CBS Interactive online advertising. We also may share aggregated or anonymized information with third parties, including to help us develop content and services we hope you will find of interest or to help these third parties develop their own products and service offerings. This sharing of anonymized or aggregated information will not include information that could be used to individually identify you.

You can choose to enjoy content and features on CBS Interactive Web Sites without directly providing us with any information about you; however, as described above, some information may automatically be collected or may be requested so you can take advantage of certain features and services offered on CBS Interactive Web Sites.

You can opt out of receiving commercial email or text messages from a particular CBS Interactive Web Site or service by following the instructions contained in any such message. Please note that even if you unsubscribe to commercial messages, we still may need to send you communications relating to your use of the CBS Interactive Web Sites, such as service announcements.

You have choices about the collection and use of your information by third parties to display relevant advertisements, as described in our overview of Third Party Online Advertising.

You also have choices about whether cookies and other similar technologies are placed on your computer or mobile device; for more information, visit our overview on cookies, web beacons and other technologies (including Do Not Track).

You also may choose to opt out of our use of data that we collect about your visits to our business partners' sites to customize advertising that we serve. To opt out, visit the CBS Interactive Business Partner Advertising Opt-Out page.

If you choose to share contact information with us, you may have the opportunity to update that information on a CBS Interactive Web Site. You also may update or amend your information by contacting us. If you ask us to shut down your account or delete your information, we will disable your account within a reasonable period of time. Please note that we may need to retain some information about you in order to satisfy our legal and security obligations. For example, some of your information may remain in back-up storage even if you ask us to delete it. In some cases, you may be entitled under local laws to access or object to the processing of information that we hold relating to you.

We are committed to protecting your information. We have adopted commercially reasonable technical, administrative, and physical procedures to help protect your information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, and alteration. Please note that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. We want you to feel confident using CBS Interactive Web Sites but we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. Please refer to the U.S. Federal Trade Commission's web site for information on how to protect yourself from identity theft.

CBS Interactive is headquartered in the United States and has affiliate offices and partners in other countries. Please be aware that information you provide to us or we obtain as a result of your use of the CBS Interactive Web Sites may be collected in your country and subsequently transferred to the United States or another country in accordance with applicable law. The privacy and data protection laws in another country may not be equivalent to such laws in your country of residence. By using and participating in any CBS Interactive Web Site or providing us with your information, you consent to the collection, international
transfer, storage, and processing of your information.

For additional information about CBS Interactive's privacy practices, as well as our affiliate offices and partners in some of the other countries where we operate, please click on the appropriate link for your jurisdiction: Australia, Canada, the United Kingdom.

Residents of the State of California may request a list of all third parties to which a CBS Interactive Web Site has disclosed certain information during the preceding year for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and want such a list, please contact us. For all requests, you must put the statement "Your California Privacy Rights" in the body of your request and include the name of the CBS Interactive Web Site with respect to which you are requesting the information, as well as your name, street address, city, state, and zip code. Please note that we will not accept requests via the telephone, mail, or by facsimile, and we are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or that do not have complete information.

Most CBS Interactive Web Sites are intended for a general audience and do not knowingly collect or store contact information about children under the age of 13. Some CBS Interactive Web Sites may ask for a birth date to ensure that they are not collecting information from children under 13 or to identify when additional steps may need to be taken in connection with information collected from children under 18. In those instances where a CBS Interactive Web Site has actual knowledge that it collects information from or offers a service directed toward children as defined under applicable laws, it will comply with those laws. To read about our privacy policy for children, please see the Children's Privacy Policy.

Some CBS Interactive Web Sites enable users to submit their own content for use in contests, blogs, on-air radio and TV broadcasts, online audio and video streams, videos, message boards, and other functions. Publication of User Generated Content on the CBS Interactive Web Sites is subject to our Terms of Use. Please remember that any information you disclose becomes public information and exercise caution when deciding to disclose your contact, financial, and other information in a submission. We cannot prevent such information from being used in a manner that may violate this Privacy Policy, the law, or your personal privacy and safety. We may also engage a third party to provide some of the services associated with the blogs, message boards and similar functions. This third party will collect and host the information that you submit to the CBS Interactive Web Sites but will not use any of this information for purposes other than providing the service.

When you select a link to a third party web site from one of the CBS Interactive Web Sites (for example, if you link to Pay Pal in order to pay for a product or service offered by a CBS Interactive Web Site), you will be leaving the CBS Interactive Site. Any information that you disclose on the third party site will be governed by that site's privacy policy.

We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in our practices and service offerings. If we modify our Privacy Policy, we will update the "Effective Date" and such changes will be effective upon posting. If we make any material changes in the way we use your information, we will notify you by sending an email message to the email address you most recently provided to us or by prominently posting a notice of the changes on CBS Interactive Web Sites.

If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us and we will endeavor to respond to your request within a reasonable period of time. You may also submit questions or comments using the postal address listed below:
CBS Interactive Inc.
235 Second Street
San Francisco, CA 94105
Attn: Legal Department

For international users, please select this link to find the address of your closest CBS Interactive office. We are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any privacy concern.Privacy Policy

Last Updated: October 17, 2013

This Privacy Policy (“Policy“) explains how information about you is collected, used and disclosed by Designtechnica Corporation (d/b/a and hereinafter referred to as “Digital Trends“). This Policy applies to Digital Trends' websites, including www.digitaltrends.com, and any mobile applications or other online products or services (collectively, “Services“).We collect information about you in various ways when you use our Services. For example, we collect information you provide to us when you register for an account, create a user profile, write a product review, participate in a contest or survey, use our Contact Us form or otherwise communicate with us. Such information may include your name, email address, biographic information, social media handle, social media profile and/or website URL, picture and any other information you choose to provide. We may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect on our Services. For example, if you create or log into your account through a third-party social media service, we will have access to certain information from that third party service, such as your name and account information, in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by such service.

When you access or use our Services, some information is automatically collected. For example, when you visit our Services through your computer, we automatically log your computer's operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address, access times, browser type and language, and the website you visited before navigating to our Services. Additionally, when you visit our Services through your mobile device, we may also collect your unique device ID, device make and model, device IP address, mobile web browser type and version and mobile carrier. We also collect information about your usage and activity on our Services.

Cookies. We may automatically collect information using “cookies.” Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive by a website. Among other things, cookies help us improve our Services and your experience. We use cookies to see which areas and features are popular and to count visits to our Services. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. If you choose to remove cookies or reject cookies, this could affect certain features or services of our Services.

Web Beacons. We may collect information using web beacons. Web beacons are electronic images that may be used on our Services or in our emails. We use web beacons to deliver cookies, count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness and to tell if an email has been opened and acted upon.

Third Party Analytics and Advertisements. We may also allow third parties to use cookies, web beacons and other devices or technologies to collect information about your use of the Services. The data collected typically includes information such as your IP address, the browser you use to visit our Services, pages viewed and conversion information. This information may be used by Digital Trends and third parties to, among other things, analyze data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising targeted to your interests and better understand the usage and visitation of our Services and other sites tracked by these third parties. This Policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, third party cookies, web beacons or other tracking technologies and we encourage you to check the privacy policies of these third parties to learn more about their privacy practices. For more information about Internet-based ads, or to opt out of having your web browsing information used for behavioral advertising purposes, please visit: www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp and www.aboutads.info/choices.We may use information about you for various purposes, including to:
operate and improve our Services;
provide and deliver products and services and send you related information, including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service;
communicate with you about new contests, promotions and rewards, upcoming events, and other news about products and services offered by Digital Trends and our selected partners;
process and deliver contest entries and rewards;
link or combine with other information we obtain from third parties to help understand your needs and provide you with better service; and
carry out any other purpose for which the information was collected.
We are based in the United States and the information we collect is governed by U.S. law. By accessing or using our websites or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing and transfer of information in and to the U.S. and other countries.We may share information about you as follows:
with your consent or at your direction;
with third party vendors, consultants and other service providers who are working on our behalf and need access to your information to carry out their work for us;
with other companies that we partner with to offer contests, surveys or questionnaires when you opt-in to this type of sharing (for California residents, please see “Your California Privacy Rights” below for more information);
in response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with any applicable law, regulation or legal process, or as otherwise required by any applicable law, rule or regulation;
if we believe your actions are inconsistent with the spirit or language of our user agreements or policies or to protect the rights, property and safety of Digital Trends or others; and
in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.

We may also share aggregated or de-identified information that cannot reasonably be used to identify you.The Services may offer social plug-ins (such as the Facebook “Like” button) or other tools or features which let you share actions you take on our Services with other websites, and vice versa. The use of such social sharing features enables the sharing of certain information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the third party that provides the feature. For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the third parties that provide these features.Digital Trends takes reasonable measures to help protect information we collect about you in an effort to prevent loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.Account Information. You may update, correct or delete your account information at any time by logging into your account or emailing us at feedback@digitaltrends.com. Please note that we may retain certain information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes. We may also retain cached or archived copies of your information for a certain period of time.

Promotional Communications. You may opt out of receiving promotional emails from Digital Trends by following the instructions in those emails or by modifying your preferences in your account settings. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about your accounts or our ongoing business relations.

Your California Privacy Rights. California law permits residents of California to request certain details about how their information is shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please contact us at feedback@digitaltrends.com. However, please note that under the law, a business is not required to provide this information if it permits California residents to opt-in to, or opt-out of, this type of sharing. Digital Trends qualifies for this alternative option by providing you with the ability to opt-in to such sharing at the time we collect information about you.Digital Trends may change this Policy from time to time. If we make any changes to this Policy, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the Policy, and in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our homepage or sending you an email notification). We encourage you to review this Policy whenever you access the Services to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us at:
Designtechnica Corporation
111 SW 5th Ave, Suite 1000
Portland, OR, USA, 97204
Phone: (503) 342-2890
Fax: (503) 213-5976
feedback@digitaltrends.com
Read more: http://www.digitaltrends.com/legal/privacy-policy/#ixzz2pJImM1Qw
Follow us: @digitaltrends on Twitter | digitaltrendsftw on FacebookPRIVACY POLICY

CONNECTED VENTURES, LLC PRIVACY POLICY

YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS

LAST UPDATED: OCTOBER 16, 2008

Connected Ventures, LLC, the owner and operator of Dorkly.com and CollegeHumor.com, respects the privacy of our users and has developed this Privacy Policy to demonstrate its commitment to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy is intended to describe for you, as an individual who is a user of any of our websites or our services, the information we collect, how that information may be used, with whom it may be shared, and your choices about such uses and disclosures.

We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully when using any of our websites or services or transacting business with us. By using any of our websites, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. Connected Ventures, LLC is a part of the IAC/InterActiveCorp family of businesses, which includes Ask.com, Citysearch, Match.com, ServiceMagic, Pronto, Shoebuy, and many others.

If you have any questions about our privacy practices, please refer to the end of this Privacy Policy for information on how to contact us.In General. We may collect personal information that can identify you such as your name and email address and other information that does not identify you. When you provide personal information through any of our websites, the information may be sent to servers located in the United States and other countries around the world.

Information you provide. We may collect and store any personal information you enter on any of our websites or provide to us in some other manner. This includes identifying information, such as your name, address, e-mail address, and telephone number, and, if you transact business with us, financial information such as your payment method (valid credit card number, type, expiration date or other financial information). We also may request information about your interests and activities, your gender and age, and other demographic information.
Information from other sources. We may also periodically obtain both personal and non-personal information about you from other IAC businesses, business partners, contractors and other third parties. Examples of information that we may receive include: updated delivery and address information, purchase history, and additional demographic information.
Information about others. We may also collect and store personal information about other people that you provide to us. If you use any of our websites to send other people (friends, relatives, colleagues, etc.) messages through our system (such as an invitation to an event), information that may interest them, or products as a gift, we may store your personal information, and the personal information of each such recipient.
Use of cookies and other technologies to collect information. We use various technologies to collect information from your computer and about your activities on our sites.

Information collected automatically. We automatically collect information from your browser when you visit any of our websites. This information includes your IP address, browser type and language, access times, the content of any undeleted cookies that your browser previously accepted from us (see "Cookies" below), and the referring website address.
Cookies. When you visit any of our websites, we may assign your computer one or more cookies to facilitate access to our sites and to personalize your online experience. Through the use of a cookie, we also may automatically collect information about your online activity on our sites, such as the web pages you visit, the links you click, and the searches you conduct on our sites. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies. If you choose to decline cookies, please note that you may not be able to sign in or use some of the interactive features offered on our websites.
Other Technologies. We may use standard Internet technology, such as web beacons and other similar technologies, to track your use of our sites. We also may include web beacons in promotional or other e-mail messages or newsletters to determine whether you have opened the messages and the subsequent action taken by you. The information we obtain in this manner enables us to customize the services we offer our website visitors to deliver targeted advertisements and to measure the overall effectiveness of our websites, advertising, content, programming or other activities.
Information collected by third-parties. We may allow other IAC companies and third-parties, including our authorized service providers, advertising agencies, and ad networks, to display advertisements, or provide applications and services on our sites. These companies may use tracking technologies, such as cookies or web beacons, to collect information about users who view or interact with their advertisements or use their applications and services. Our websites do not provide any personal information to these third parties. This information allows them to deliver targeted advertisements and personalized online experiences and gauge their effectiveness. Some of these third-party advertising companies may be advertising networks that are members of the Network Advertising Initiative, which offers a single location to opt out of ad targeting from member companies (www.networkadvertising.org).In general. We may use information that we collect about you to:

deliver the products and services that you have requested;
manage your account and provide you with customer support;
perform research and analysis about your use of, or interest in, our products, services, or content, or products, services or content offered by others;
communicate with you by e-mail, postal mail, telephone and/or mobile devices about products or services that may be of interest to you either from us, other IAC companies or other third parties;
develop and display content and advertising tailored to your interests on our sites and other sites;
verify your eligibility and deliver prizes in connection with contests and sweepstakes;
enforce our terms and conditions;
manage our business and
perform functions as otherwise described to you at the time of collection.
Financial information. We may use financial information or payment method to process payment for any purchases or sales made on any of our websites, to protect against or identify possible fraudulent transactions, and otherwise as needed to manage our business.

Job applicants. If your personal information is submitted through any of our websites when applying for a position with our company, the information will be used solely in connection with considering and acting upon your application. We may retain your personal information for a period of time, but only for the purpose of considering your application for current or future available positions. This information may be shared with our sister IAC companies for the purpose of evaluating your qualifications for the particular position or other available positions, as well as with third-party service providers retained by us to collect, maintain and analyze candidate submissions for job postings.

Please review "Your choices about collection and use of your information" below.We want you to understand when and with whom we may share personal or other information we have collected about you or your activities on our websites or while using our services.

Personal information. We do not share your personal information with others except as indicated below or when we inform you and give you an opportunity to opt out of having your personal information shared. We may share personal information with:
Authorized service providers: We may share your personal information with our authorized service providers that perform certain services on our behalf. These services may include fulfilling orders, processing credit card payments, delivering packages, providing customer service and marketing assistance, performing business and sales analysis, supporting our websites' functionality, and supporting contests, sweepstakes, surveys and other features offered through our websites. These service providers may have access to personal information needed to perform their functions but are not permitted to share or use such information for any other purposes.
Business partners: When you make purchases or engage in promotions offered through any of our websites or our services, we may share personal information with the businesses with which we partner to offer you those products, services, promotions, contests and/or sweepstakes. When you elect to engage in a particular merchant's offer or program, you authorize us to provide your email address and other information to that merchant.
Other IAC businesses. We are part of the IAC family of businesses (go to www.iac.com for a listing of these businesses). We may share information we collect, including personal information, with the IAC companies. Sharing information with our IAC companies enables us to provide you with information about a variety of products and services that might interest you. All IAC companies comply with the IAC Consumer Privacy. Our IAC companies also will comply with applicable privacy and security laws and, at a minimum, in any commercial e-mail they send to you, will give you the opportunity to choose not to receive such e-mail messages in the future.
Other Situations. We also may disclose your information:
1.In response to a subpoena or similar investigative demand, a court order, or a request for cooperation from a law enforcement or other government agency; to establish or exercise our legal rights; to defend against legal claims; or as otherwise required by law. In such cases, we may raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us.
2.When we believe disclosure is appropriate in connection with efforts to investigate, prevent, or take other action regarding illegal activity, suspected fraud or other wrongdoing; to protect and defend the rights, property or safety of our company, our users, our employees, or others; to comply with applicable law or cooperate with law enforcement; or to enforce our websites' terms and conditions or other agreements or policies.
3.In connection with a substantial corporate transaction, such as the sale of our business, a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.
Any third parties to whom we may disclose personal information may have their own privacy policies which describe how they use and disclose personal information. Those policies will govern use, handling and disclosure of your personal information once we have shared it with those third parties as described in this Privacy Policy. If you want to learn more about their privacy practices, we encourage you to visit the websites of those third parties. These entities or their servers may be located either inside or outside the United States.

Aggregated and non-personal information. We may share aggregated and non-personal information we collect under any of the above circumstances. We may also share it with third parties and our IAC sister companies to develop and deliver targeted advertising on our websites and on websites of third parties. We may combine non-personal information we collect with additional non-personal information collected from other sources. We also may share aggregated information with third parties, including advisors, advertisers and investors, for the purpose of conducting general business analysis. For example, we may tell our advertisers the number of visitors to our websites and the most popular features or services accessed. This information does not contain any personal information and may be used to develop website content and services that we hope you and other users will find of interest and to target content and advertising.There are a number of places on our websites where you may click on a link to access other websites that do not operate under this Privacy Policy. For example, if you click on an advertisement or a search result on any of our websites, you may be taken to a website that we do not control. These third-party websites may independently solicit and collect information, including personal information, from you and, in some instances, provide us with information about your activities on those websites. We recommend that you consult the privacy statements of all third-party websites you visit by clicking on the "privacy" link typically located at the bottom of the webpage you are visiting.If you have an online account with us, you have the ability to review and update your personal information online by logging into your account at CollegeHumor. You can also review and update your personal information by contacting us. More information about how to contact us is provided below.

If you have an online account with us, you also may choose to close your account at any time by selecting the delete account option in the "My Settings" section in the "My Stuff" section after logging into your account at CollegeHumor. After you close your account, you will not be able to sign in to that website or access any of your personal information. However, you can open a new account at any time. If you close your account, we may still retain certain information associated with your account for analytical purposes and record keeping integrity, as well as to prevent fraud, collect any fees owed, enforce our terms and conditions, take actions we deem necessary to protect the integrity of our websites or our users, or take other actions otherwise permitted by law. In addition, if certain information has already been provided to third parties as described in this Privacy Policy, retention of that information will be subject to those third parties' policies.You can choose not to provide us with certain information, but that may negatively impact or totally prevent your use of certain features of our websites because such information may be required in order for you to register as a member; purchase products or services; participate in a contest, promotion, survey, or sweepstakes; ask a question; or initiate other transactions on our websites.
When your register on any of our websites, you may be given a choice as to whether you want to receive e-mail messages about special offers or with special distributions of content by us. You may modify your choice at any time by clicking here and entering the e-mail address associated with your account. You also will be given the opportunity, in any commercial e-mail that we send to you, to opt out of receiving such messages in the future. It may take up to 10 days for us to process an opt-out request. We may send you other types of transactional and relationship e-mail communications, such as service announcements, administrative notices, and surveys, without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them. Please note that changing information in your account, or otherwise opting out of receipt of promotional email communications will only affect future activities or communications from us. If we have already provided your information to a third party (such as an event provider) before you have changed your preferences or updated your information, you may have to change you preferences directly with that third party.
You may tell us not to share your personal information with third parties or the IAC family of companies for direct marketing purposes by by clicking here and and entering the e-mail address associated with your account.We take appropriate security measures (including physical, electronic and procedural measures) to help safeguard your personal information from unauthorized access and disclosure. For example, only authorized employees are permitted to access personal information, and they may do so only for permitted business functions. In addition, we use encryption in the transmission of your sensitive personal information between your system and ours, and we use firewalls to help prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to your personal information.

We want you to feel confident using our websites to transact business. However, no system can be completely secure. Therefore, although we take steps to secure your information, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information, searches, or other communications will always remain secure. Users should also take care with how they handle and disclose their personal information and should avoid sending personal information through insecure email. Please refer to the Federal Trade Commission's website at http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/menus/consumer/data.shtm for information about how to protect yourself against identity theft.We may provide areas on our websites where you can post information about yourself and others and communicate with others, as well as upload content (e.g. pictures, videos, audio files, etc.). Such postings are governed by our Terms and Conditions of Use. In addition, such postings may appear on other websites or when searches are executed on the subject of your posting. Also, whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information on publicly-viewable web pages, that information will be publicly available and can be collected and used by others. For example, if you post your email address, you may receive unsolicited messages. We cannot control who reads your posting or what other users may do with the information you voluntarily post, so we encourage you to exercise discretion and caution with respect to your personal information. Once you have posted information, you may not be able to edit or delete such information.Our websites are general audience sites, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.This Privacy Policy is intended to cover collection of information on our websites from residents of the United States. If you are visiting any of our websites from outside the United States, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our central database is operated. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. Please be assured that we seek to take reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy is protected. By using our services, you understand that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this privacy policy.This Privacy Policy does not create rights enforceable by third parties or require disclosure of any personal information relating to users of any of our websites.We will occasionally update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in our practices and services. When we post changes to this Privacy Policy, we will revise the "last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes in the way we collect, use, and/or share your personal information, we will notify you by sending an e-mail to the e-mail address you most recently provided us in your account, profile or registration (unless we do not have such an email address), and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on our websites. We recommend that you check our websites from time to time to inform yourself of any changes in this Privacy Policy or any of our other policies.If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our information-handling practices, or if you would like to request information about our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes, please contact us by e-mail or postal mail as follows:
Editor-In-Chief
Connected Ventures LLC
555 West 18th Street
3rd Floor
New York, New York 10011
United States of America
content@collegehumor.com
2007 IAC/InterActiveCorp. All rights reserved.Cookies:
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user's computer for record keeping purposes. Cookies can be either session cookies or persistent cookies. A session cookie expires when you close your browser and is used to make it easier for you to navigate our website. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time.

Through the use of a cookie, we also may automatically collect information about your online activity on our site, such as the web pages you visit, the links you click, and the searches you conduct on our site. When you sign in to your account on our website, we will record your user or member ID and the name on your user or member account in the cookie file on your computer. We also may record your password in this cookie file, if you indicated that you would like your password saved for automatic sign-in. For security purposes, we will encrypt any usernames, passwords, and other user or member account-related data that we store in such cookies. In the case of sites and services that do not use a user or member ID, the cookie will contain a unique identifier. We may allow our authorized service providers to serve cookies from our website to allow them to assist us in various activities, such as doing analysis and research on the effectiveness of our site, content and advertising.

You may delete or decline cookies by changing your browser settings. (Click "Help" in the toolbar of most browsers for instructions.) If you do so, some of the features and services of our website may not function properly.

We may allow third-parties, including IAC companies, advertising companies, and ad networks, to display advertisements on our site. These companies may use tracking technologies, such as cookies, to collect information about users who view or interact with their advertisements. Our website does not provide any personal information to these third parties, but they may collect information about where you, or others who are using your computer, saw and/or clicked on the advertisements they deliver, and possibly associate this information with your subsequent visits to the advertised websites. They also may combine this information with personal information they collect from you. The collection and use of that information is subject to the third-party's privacy policy. This information allows them to deliver targeted advertisements and gauge their effectiveness. Some of these third-party advertising companies may be advertising networks that are members of the Network Advertising Initiative, which offers a single location to opt out of ad targeting from member companies (www.networkadvertising.org).

Web Beacons:
Web beacons (also known as clear gifs, pixel tags or web bugs) are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of web users or to access cookies. Unlike cookies which are stored on the user's computer hard drive, web beacons are embedded invisibly on the web pages (or in email) and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence.

Web beacons may be used to deliver or communicate with cookies, to count users who have visited certain pages and to understand usage patterns. We also may include web beacons in promotional or other e-mail messages or newsletters to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon. We also may receive an anonymous identification number if you come to our site from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party website.PRIVACY POLICYThis privacy policy describes how Hearst Communications, Inc. and its Affiliates (collectively, "Hearst") treat the Personally Identifiable Information that is collected about you when you visit the web sites, mobile-optimized versions of the web sites, and digital applications to which this policy is linked (collectively, "Covered Sites"). For the purposes of this policy, an entity controlling, controlled by, or under common control with another entity shall be deemed to be an "Affiliate", where control means ownership of 15% or more of the voting stock or other ownership interests. For the purposes of this policy, "Personally Identifiable Information" is information that we can use to identify or contact you as an individual, and includes your name, email address, address, telephone number and any other information that we associate with any of the foregoing. By submitting Personally Identifiable Information through any of our Covered Sites, you agree to the terms of this privacy policy and you expressly consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with this privacy policy.
This privacy policy does not apply to information collected about you by anyone except Hearst and only applies to the Covered Sites (defined above). This privacy policy does not apply to Hearst websites which are not linked to this policy and does not apply to non-Hearst websites, including those linked to or advertised on a Covered Site. Any information you provide when you visit websites other than those covered by this policy will be subject to the privacy policies posted on those sites.
We may offer our Magazines through certain third party websites via a subscription page on such third party websites that is linked to this policy. For the avoidance of doubt, such subscription page is a "Covered Site" and this policy applies to information collected through the subscription page, but does not apply to information collected through the third party website.
Except as specified herein, this policy also does not apply to information you may provide to us offline; however please do be aware that if you subscribe offline to one of the magazines published by Hearst ("Magazines"), from time to time we make your postal addresses available to companies for marketing purposes.
Certain features of the Covered Sites may be subject to additional or different privacy provisions, which will be posted on the Covered Site in connection with such features. All such additional or different privacy provisions are incorporated by reference into this privacy policy.Information You Provide. Hearst generally collects Personally Identifiable Information that you voluntarily provide. For instance, when you enter a sweepstakes or contest, complete a survey, participate in a reader panel, register for those portions of our Covered Sites that may require registration, make a purchase, participate in our social networking features, request back issues of our Magazines, subscribe to our Magazines, subscribe to receive newsletters, promotional correspondence, or other electronic services, or send us an email or feedback, you may be asked to provide information such as your e-mail address, name, phone number, shipping address, and billing information, and we will collect such information as well as any other content you provide us in engaging in any of the above activities. Information such as your age, gender, hobbies or interests may also be requested. If you elect to post material to any blogs, forums, participate in our social networking features or other community boards that may be offered on our Covered Sites, then such materials will be collected and may be publicly available for others to view.
Cookies.
Hearst (or third party service providers on our behalf) may set and access cookies and similar technologies on your computer. A cookie is a small amount of data (often including a unique identifier), that is sent to your browser from a web site's computers and stored on your computer's hard drive. Some of our cookies may be local shared objects, also known as Flash cookies. Cookies may be session cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them). Hearst uses cookies to understand site usage and to improve the content and offerings on our Covered Sites and in other media. We may use cookies to control the display of ads, to track usage patterns on the sites, to deliver editorial content, to record requests for subscriptions and to personalize information. Our cookies may contain Personally Identifiable Information and such cookies may be shared with others to the same extent indicated in Section 4. Hearst (or third party service providers on our behalf) may also use cookies to collect aggregate information about web site users on an anonymous basis ("Anonymous Information"). We may share aggregate demographic and usage information with our prospective and actual business partners, advertisers and other third parties for any business purpose.
Some of our third party partners (including advertisers and marketing services companies) may set and access cookies and similar technologies on your computer as well, or we may do so on their behalf. We do not have control over how these third parties use such cookies and similar technologies or the information derived therefrom.
If you don't want cookies, most Web browsers include an option that allows you to not accept them. However, if you set your browser to refuse cookies, some portions of our Covered Sites may not function efficiently. Flash cookies may regenerate HTTP cookies that you have affirmatively deleted. Deleting, rejecting, disabling or turning off HTTP cookies as described above will not remove flash cookies. We use flash cookies as an alternative method to HTTP cookies for storing information about your web browsing history across unaffiliated domains, unrelated to the delivery of content through the Flash Player or the performance of the Flash Player in delivering such content. You can manage and delete flash cookies by visiting http://kb2.adobe.com/cps/526/52697ee8.html.
Gifs. We may use "clear GIFs" (aka "web beacons" or "pixel tags") or similar technologies, in the sites and in our communications with you to enable us to know whether you have visited a web page or received a message. A clear GIF is typically a one-pixel, transparent image (although it can be a visible image as well), located on a web page or in an e-mail or other type of message, which is retrieved from a remote site on the Internet enabling the verification of an individual's viewing or receipt of a web page or message. A clear gif may enable us to relate your viewing or receipt of a web page or message to other information about you, including your Personally Identifiable Information.
IP Address. Your Internet Protocol ("IP") address is usually associated with the place from which you enter the Internet, like your Internet Service Provider, your company or your university. Our server may also record the referring page that linked you to us (e.g., another Web site or a search engine); the pages you visit on our Covered Sites, the web sites you visit after this web site; the ads you see; the ads you click on; other information about the type of web browser, computer, platform, related software and settings you are using; any search terms you have entered on this web site or a referral site; and other web usage activity and data logged by our web servers. We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our servers, gather broad demographic information, and administer our Covered Sites. We may also link this information with your Personally Identifiable Information when we feel that it is necessary to enforce compliance with our rules and policies or terms of service or to protect our Covered Sites, customers or others.
Location Information. We may, and may enable our advertisers to, collect your location via certain services we provide through digital applications, wireless access protocol services ("WAP Services") or mobile phone service ("Mobile Services"). We, or the service provider, will inform you of such collection at the time you use the service. By using such service, you hereby consent to our collection, use and disclosure of your location information as described.
Third Parties. We may receive information from third parties, including demographic information from your mobile carrier, and information from third parties that solicit subscriptions to our magazines. Those third parties have privacy policies that differ from this Privacy Policy.Hearst uses information we collect from you in part to provide you with the service you have requested. If you subscribe to any of our Magazines, we may also use your e-mail address to send you a confirmation notice and your mailing address to send you your Magazine. Similarly, if you enter online sweepstakes, we will also use this information to notify you if you are a winner. We also use your information to register you, identify you as a user, improve our Covered Sites and services, send you administrative notifications, and respond to your inquiries. We might also send out e-mails to users and sweepstakes/contest entrants to announce special offers, services and announcements from our Covered Sites, our partners and/or our advertisers. We also use information in connection with advertising and to serve other content, as described in section 4(d) below.
We may combine and use any and all information we collect on you either online or otherwise, including from third parties, for marketing purposes.
When you provide us your email address (e.g., to subscribe to our Magazines) but are not already a registered user of one of our Covered Sites, some of our Covered Sites may assign you a user name and password so that we can enhance your user experience by facilitating easy entry into other features and offers on the Covered Sites and saving your preferences. Certain areas on our Covered Sites require registration, and in those areas, you will be asked to establish your own user name and password or you can elect to use the one we've assigned. Your user name and password ("User Registration") will function across many of our Covered Sites, regardless of brand. Your User Registration will also be recognized at some of our Affiliate sites and sites which we partner with so that you may easily access features on those sites using your User Registration ("Shared Registration Sites"); however the information we provide and your actions on those Shared Registration Sites will be governed by the separate privacy policies of those Shared Registration Sites. A list of those Shared Registration Sites is set forth below, and may be updated from time to time. Current Shared Registration Sites are: The National Magazine Company Limited. You may elect to change your User Registration at any time by logging in and editing your User Registration (each of our Covered Sites will contain log-in information). You may also log-in to cancel any user User Registration that you may have selected or that we may have assigned. If you cancel your User Registration, we will retain your email address, user name and assigned user ID on file and use them only for the purpose of assuring you are not automatically registered again, against your wishes. You may request deletion of your Personally Identifiable Information by us, but please note that we may be required to keep this information and not delete it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements). When we delete any information, it will be deleted from the active database, but may remain in our archives. We may retain your information for fraud or similar purposes.
In addition, we may use information you provide us through emails, Q&A, blogs, forums, in response to polls, or through any other user generated submission for editorial purposes, and may use your name and any stories you provide us in articles published online and in our Magazines. If you provide us with personal anecdotes, they may be attributed to you. Hearst can edit, rewrite, use, and reuse the content, including your name, likeness, photograph, and biographical information you provide, with or without attribution, including publication in the Magazines, and in trade media, and advertising.
We may create Anonymous Information from Personally Identifiable Information by excluding information (such as your name) that make the data personally identifiable to you. We use this Anonymous Information for any purpose and disclose Anonymous Information to third parties in our sole discretion.In addition to the other disclosures described in this policy, Hearst may (and you authorize us to) share or disclose Personally Identifiable Information about you to other companies or individuals in the following situations:
We utilize third party service providers to provide products, services or functions on our behalf (such as sending emails or processing credit cards or fulfilling subscriptions), and ask these service providers to agree to maintain the confidentiality of your Personally Identifiable Information and not to use your Personally Identifiable Information for any reason except to carry out the purpose(s) for which we hired them ("Service Provider Exception").
You have entered a contest or sweepstakes sponsored by a third party, in which case the information you provide via the contest or sweepstakes may be shared by us with that third party for their use in their discretion, including direct marketing. Some of our contests and sweepstakes will ask you at the time of entry whether you would like to have your personal information shared with the sponsor, in which case we will honor your selection. Other contests will not give you that option and in that event, if you do not want your information to be shared, you should not enter the contest. The privacy policies of such third party companies apply to their use and disclosure of your information that we collect and disclose to such third party companies.
The entity to whom the information is disclosed is a Shared Registration Site (as defined in Section 3(c) above).
The entity to whom the information is disclosed is an Affiliate of Hearst.
In accordance with your indicated preferences (e.g., you indicated you wanted to receive promotional materials directly from a third party partner).
The entity is a third party who wants to promote goods and services we think would be of interest to you.
You have furnished us Personally Identifiable Information with the intent that it be forwarded to a third party for use in connection with a specified service you are electing to participate in (examples include, without limitation, e-commerce partners, services to help old friends locate you online, etc.);
We need to protect our legal rights (for example, if we are trying to collect money you owe us); we must comply with applicable laws, regulations, or legal or regulatory process, or comply with subpoenas or warrants served on us, or in connection with a legal investigation; or we have reason to believe that someone may be causing injury to someone or interfering with our rights or the rights of our users, or general public, or using our services in violation of a legal or personal right, including our Terms of Use (collectively, the "Legal Exceptions").
In connection with a sale, merger, transfer, exchange, or other disposition (whether of assets, stock, or otherwise, including via bankruptcy) of all or a portion of the business conducted by the Covered Site to which this policy applies, in which case the company will possess the Personally Identifiable Information collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personally Identifiable Information as described in this privacy policy ("Acquisition Exception").
Social Networks. If you use your login credentials from a social networking site (e.g., Facebook or Twitter) ("SNS") on a Covered Site, we may receive information from such SNS in accordance with the terms and conditions (e.g., terms of use and privacy policy) of the SNS ("SNS Terms"). If you elect to share your information with these SNS, we will share information with them in accordance with your election. The SNS Terms of these SNS will apply to the information we disclose to them.
Third Party Partners. Some of our Covered Sites may from time to time partner with a retailer or other third party to offer online shopping opportunities, games, services, subscriptions and other applications on a co-branded or cross-promotional basis. Those transactions may take place on a Covered Site, or the site of the third party. In either case, Personally Identifiable Information you provide in connection with the transaction may be collected directly by, or shared by Hearst with, the third party, as well as with any participating sponsors or advertisers of such opportunities and features. Some of our Covered Sites may offer you the ability to access a third-party site with whom we have a relationship to access both sites through a co-branded registration or password; in that event, your applicable registration information may be collected directly by, or shared by Hearst with, the third-party partner. We will notify you at the applicable point of sign up if any such co-branded registration or password practices will be in effect. These third parties will use your information in accordance with their own privacy policy.
Delivery of Advertising and Other Content
In addition to ads and content that we serve you directly, we use third-party advertising companies and marketing services companies to serve ads and other content when you visit our Covered Sites and elsewhere on the internet and in other media. Both we and these companies may use information about your visits to this Covered Site and elsewhere to serve ads and other content to you. In the course of doing so, a unique third-party cookie may be placed or recognized on your browser by such companies. In addition, we and these companies may use Web beacons to help manage our online advertising and content. These Web beacons enable us and the third-party companies to recognize a browser's cookie when a browser visits this site and to learn which banner ads bring users to our website and to serve you ads that you may find of interest elsewhere on the internet and in other media. Both Hearst and these companies may use information obtained from your visits to the Covered Sites (including your status as a customer of Hearst), other websites, and information received from you offline in order to provide advertisements about goods and services and other content of interest to you across the internet and in other media. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used in this manner by our third party advertising companies please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp . You may also visit alc-opt-out.com to find out how our marketing services companies operate. Ads in our videos may be served by an ad partner. You can find out more about our video ads by visiting http://www.tremorvideo.com/about-us/privacy/.
In addition, we may provide Personally Identifiable Information and Anonymous Information to marketing services companies. This may include information we received from you offline or online. These companies may combine information we provide (including Personally Identifiable Information and Anonymous Information) with personal and anonymous information they may have about you, using cookies they place or that we place on their behalf, as described in Section 2(b). We require these companies to delete the Personally Identifiable Information we provide them. These companies may use the resulting non-personal information and such cookies for their own marketing purposes, and they may provide the same to their customers for their customer's marketing purposes. If you would like to know your choices about not having this information used by such companies, please visit: alc-opt-out.com.California & Canadian Users: Your California Privacy Rights.California's "Shine the Light" law, Civil Code section 1798.83, requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the businesses' practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes.  Alternatively, such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes if the customer has exercised an option to opt-out of such information sharing.  We have such a policy in place. Sections 4(d) and 5(d) explain our practices and how you can opt-out of having your information shared with third parties for the third parties' direct or indirect marketing purposes, in accordance with such laws. In addition to reviewing Sections 4(d) and 5(d), if you wish to find out about any rights you may have under California Civil Code section 1798.83, you may notify us in writing at Mail Preference Service, P.O. Box 6000, Harlan, Iowa 51593 or contacting us at customercare@hearstmags.com. Canadian residents also have certain rights to know how their information may be shared with third parties who engage in direct marketing activities. Again, Sections 4(d) and 5(d) explain our practices and how you can opt-out of having your information shared for such purposes, in accordance with such laws.  For the avoidance of doubt, these opt-out options are available for all users and are not limited to Californian and Canadian users.
Mobile Opt-out. We may provide you messages, including marketing, via your wireless email address or by short message service ("SMS Service"), WAP or Mobile Services as described in Section 6. You may opt-out of these messages from us by replying "STOP" or following the instructions provided in the message.
Marketing provided by Hearst. From time to time we may send you promotional materials on behalf of Hearst and/or third parties. If you want us to stop sending you promotional materials to your email, you may follow the unsubscribe instructions in the email or manage your preferences at http://hearst.ed4.net/profile/login.cfm . If you want us to stop sending you promotional materials to your postal mailing address, you may notify us in writing by sending a notice to Mail Preference Service, P.O. Box 6000, Harlan, Iowa 51593 or contacting us at customercare@hearstmags.com . Certain Covered Sites may include a customer service link at the bottom of such site. If so, you may also manage your email preferences through that link.
Marketing provided by Third Parties. From time to time we may disclose your contact information to third parties to allow them to market their products or services to you or for other marketing purposes. This may be information we received from you offline and online. If you want us to stop further sharing your email contact information with third parties (if we have your email contact information), you may notify us at http://hearst.ed4.net/profile/login.cfm. If you want us to stop further sharing your postal mailing contact information with third parties (if we have your postal address), you may notify us in writing by sending a notice to Mail Preference Service, P.O. Box 6000, Harlan, Iowa 51593 or contacting us at customercare@hearstmags.com. If you wish to opt out of having your information shared with marketing services companies, please see section 4(d) abovePlease follow the instructions provided to you by third parties to unsubscribe from their messages.
Exceptions. If you have opted-out as described above, and thereafter you elect to use a service or promotion that requires us to contact you or share your information with a third party (e.g., you enter into a contest or sweepstakes or use an ecommerce service after opting-out), then your previous opt-out preferences will not apply to such service. Despite your indicated preferences, we may send you service related communications, including notices about your subscription, and we may continue disclosing your information to third parties under the Service Provider Exception, Legal Exceptions, and Acquisition Exception described above.
Device Settings. Our digital applications may provide you alerts and you can change your preferences regarding these alerts through your device settings.If the email address you provide to us is a wireless email address, you agree to receive messages at such address from Hearst or from third parties. Similarly, we may make available services through which you can receive messages on your phone or wireless device SMS Service or WAP Services. We may also make available content and versions of our Covered Sites available via WAP and Mobile Services. If you subscribe to one of our SMS, WAP or Mobile Services, you thereby agree to receive services and messages at the address you provide for such purposes. Such messages may come from Hearst, or from third parties. To use the wireless email address, SMS, WAP, or Mobile Service, you must reside in the United States. We may also obtain the date, time and content of your messages. We will use the information we obtain in connection with these services in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Your wireless carrier and other service providers may also collect data about your wireless device usage, and their practices are governed by their own policies. By providing us your wireless email address or by signing up for any SMS, WAP, or Mobile Service, you consent to receiving messages as described above. You understand that your wireless carrier's standard rates apply to these messages. You represent that you are the owner or authorized user of the wireless device on which messages will be received, and that you are authorized to approve the applicable charges.We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personally Identifiable Information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We also require you to enter a password to access your registration information. Please do not disclose your registration password to unauthorized people. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while Hearst uses reasonable efforts to protect your Personally Identifiable Information, Hearst cannot guarantee its absolute security.The Covered Sites are not intended for use by children, especially those under age 13. If your children disclose information about themselves in our public discussion areas, they may get unsolicited messages from other parties. Accordingly, you should tell them not to do so. There are also commercially available tools to help you limits your children's exposure to material online.If you are located outside of the United States, please note that the information you provide to us will be transferred to and processed in the United States, where laws regarding processing of Personally Identifiable Information may be less stringent than the laws in your country. By using this Covered Site, you consent to this transfer and processing. You also consent to the adjudication of any disputes arising in connection with this Covered Site in the federal and state courts of, and in accordance with the laws of, the state of New York.This privacy policy is subject to occasional revision, and if we make any material changes in the way we use your Personally Identifiable Information, we will prominently post notice of the changes on our Covered Sites. Any changes to this privacy policy will be effective upon thirty (30) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our Covered Sites. These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our Covered Sites. Continued use of our Covered Sites, following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.

This policy was last updated on July 26, 2013.Privacy Policy
Share this
Printer-friendly version

This website ("Site") is owned and operated by Elsevier B.V., Radarweg 29, 1043 NX Amsterdam, The Netherlands, Reg. No. 33156677, BTW No. NL005033019B01 ("Elsevier", "we", "us" or "our").

We are committed to maintaining your confidence and trust with respect to the information we collect from you. This privacy policy sets forth what information we collect about you, how we use your information, and the choices you have about how we use your information.This Site automatically collects information on our server logs from your web browser regarding your use of the Site. Examples of information we collect automatically from all users include the Internet Protocol ("IP") address used to connect your computer to the Internet; computer and connection information such as browser type and version, operating system, and platform; and full Uniform Resource Locator ("URL") click stream data, including date and time, and content you viewed or searched for on the Site.

This Site also collects information through the use of "cookies." Cookies are anonymous, unique alphanumeric identifiers sent to your browser from a web site's computers and stored on your computer's hard drive. The type of information we collect as a result of a cookie being stored on your computer is specific to your computer. We use "session" cookies to collect information about your use of the Site (e.g., whether you are logged in) and to give you a more personalized browsing experience and help you navigate the Site more efficiently from page to page. These cookies are temporary and are deleted when you close your browser. We use "persistent" cookies to gather statistical information about repeat usage from your computer or workstation.

We collect and use, and may from time to time supply third parties with, this information only as anonymous, collective or aggregated user data for the purposes of usage analysis, quality control and administering and improving the Site.

You can prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or disable cookies altogether by accessing your browser's preferences menu. If you choose to disable cookies altogether, you can use the Site but will not be able to register, login to the Site with a personal User Name and Password, or make use of the advanced personalization features of the Site, although the basic features and functionality offered to unregistered users of the Site will be possible to use.We sometimes request users of the Site to provide personal information. The information collected from a user is strictly voluntary and may include contact information such as the user's name, email address, and postal address.

In order to access certain content and to make use of the full functionality and advanced personalization features of the Site such as alerts, saved searches, and search history, we ask you to register and obtain a personal User Name and Password. You may be prompted to register when you:
Choose the "Register" link from the home page or login screens
Use personalization features
Create an email alert or save a search
Order a document

The information collected from the registration form that is presented to users when they choose to register may include contact information such as the user's name, email address, postal address, work setting, profession, principal professional field and country ("Registration Information"). The Registration Information is linked directly to a personal User Name and Password chosen by the user and can only be retrieved by supplying the correct User Name and Password that is linked to that profile.We use the personal information that you provide for such purposes as:
Completion and support of the activity for which the information was provided, such as allowing access to or delivery of our products or services, processing or fulfilling an order, or responding to your requests or inquiries;
Website and system administration, such as for the technical support of the Site and its computer system, including processing computer account information, information used in the course of securing and maintaining the Site, and verification of Site activity by the Site or its agents;
Tailoring or customizing content or design of the Site during a single visit to the Site and individualized personalization of the Site on repeat visits;
Research and development to enhance, evaluate and improve the Site and our services;
Pseudonymous analysis to create a profile used to determine the habits, interests or other characteristics of users for purposes of research, analysis and anonymous reporting; and
Communicating with you about changes or updates to the Site and our services and, with your consent, special offers, promotions or market research surveys.Access to your personal information is restricted to our employees, agents, representatives and service providers, such as our data processing operations, and entities for whom we are acting as an agent, licensee or publisher, such as societies and our affiliated group companies, for the purposes set forth above. Your personal information may be used by all of our trading names and transferred to countries outside of the European Economic Area ("EEA"), including to the United States, for processing. These countries may not have similar data protection laws to the EEA. If we transfer your information outside of the EEA in this way, we will take steps to ensure that your privacy rights continue to be protected. In addition, if you access the Site while you are outside of the EEA, your information may be transferred outside of the EEA in order to provide you with such access.

If you are an authorized user of an institution with a license agreement with us, your Registration Information and unsubscribed content usage activity statistics may be shared with your institution's librarian(s) and/or administrator(s) for the purposes of usage analysis, quality control and administering and improving the Site.

With your consent, we also may share your personal information with our affiliated group companies located both inside and outside of the EEA in Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, India, Japan, Malaysia, New Zealand, Philippines, Russia, Singapore, South Korea, Switzerland, Taiwan and the United States and/or with non-affiliated third parties located inside and outside of the EEA that wish to send you information about their products and services that may be of interest to you, and users who have consented to receive such information may receive communications from these third parties. If you wish us to pass your personal information to such third parties, please tick the appropriate check box when you register or amend your preferences by logging in and clicking on the relevant "My Profile" link at any time.

We will not otherwise disclose any personal information without your consent except under the following circumstances:
in response to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our rights to defend against legal claims;
if we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, safety of person or property, violation of our policies, or as otherwise required by law; and
if Elsevier, this Site, or a related asset or line of business is acquired by, transferred to or merged with another company.Registered users may access their identified contact information and other Registration Information and correct any discrepancies or update information by clicking on the relevant "My Profile" link at any time. The accuracy of such information is solely the responsibility of the user. No access is given to other data that may have been collected about users.
If you wish to receive alerts, newsletters, special offers or promotions from us, please tick the appropriate check box when you register or amend your preferences by logging in and clicking on the relevant "My Profile" link at any time. If you wish to cease receiving any of this information, amend your preferences either by logging in and clicking on the relevant "My Profile" link, by notifying our e-Helpdesk, or by using the "opt-out" or unsubscribe option or other means provided within the communications you receive. We reserve the right to notify you of changes or updates to the Site whenever necessary.We contract with third-party advertisers and their agents that post on the Site banner ads, which may link to other websites not under our control. These third-party advertisers and their agents may use cookie technology to measure the effectiveness of their ads or may otherwise collect personally identifiable information from you when you leave this site. We are not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products or other materials offered from such advertisers and their agents. Transactions that occur between you and the third party are strictly between you and the third party and are not our responsibility. You should review the privacy policy of any third-party advertiser and its agent, as their policies may differ from ours.We retain the personal information we collect from you for as long as the information is relevant to our business purposes or until you request that we remove the data by contacting our e-Helpdesk.We recognize that your privacy is important to you, and therefore we endeavor to keep your personal information confidential. The personal and demographic information about each user is stored on servers that are behind a firewall and physically housed within a secured data center. Furthermore, our internal practices help protect your privacy by limiting employee access to and use of such information. However, we do not represent, warrant, or guarantee that your personal information will be protected against unauthorized access, loss, misuse, or alterations, and do not accept any liability for the security of such information submitted to us nor for your or third parties' use or misuse of such information.The foregoing is the current privacy policy of the Site. We reserve the right to change this policy at any time without notice. Any changes to this policy will be posted on this webpage. Our policy does not create a contract or any legal rights.

This privacy policy applies solely to the information you provide while visiting this Site. The terms of this privacy policy do not govern personal information furnished through any means other than this Site (such as via telephone or postal mail).

This Site may contain links to other web sites that are beyond our control. Other web sites to which you link may contain privacy policies that are different from this privacy policy. We encourage you to check the privacy policy of each web site you visit before submitting any information to them.If you have any questions or comments regarding this privacy policy, please contact our e-Helpdesk. If at any time you believe that we have not adhered to this privacy policy or you have a complaint regarding the way your personal information is being handled, please contact our e-Helpdesk. Disputes under this privacy policy will be resolved by our e-Helpdesk, which will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly investigate and, if necessary, to correct any problem.HomeAway Privacy Policy

We are serious about protecting the privacy of our users.  This Privacy Policy describes how we use and protect your personal data.  It applies to HomeAway.com, VRBO.com, VacationRentals.com and any other websites where this policy is linked to in the footer of the page (which we have collectively called the “Site” in this policy).

The Site is operated by HomeAway.com, Inc. which is part of the HomeAway, Inc. group (comprised of HomeAway, Inc.  You can find details of the HomeAway group and the companies in it in its initial, annual and quarterly filings made with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on Forms S-1, 10-K and 10-Q, which can be accessed here: http://investors.homeaway.com/sec.cfm.

The terms “users” or “you” as used in this Privacy Policy, refer to both travelers, who use the Site to look for properties to rent, and members who join the Site and list their properties for rent.  It also applies to other visitors to our site - for example our investors or those applying for a job through the site.

We use information collected about you as explained in this Privacy Policy. The Site may contain links to third parties' websites. We're not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those websites. Therefore, please read carefully any privacy policies on those websites before either agreeing to their terms or using those websites.  Unless we explain otherwise in this policy, the words and phrases used in this policy have the same meaning as in the Terms and Conditions of Use - available at Terms & Conditions.

By providing information to us when subscribing, contacting us or otherwise using the Site, you expressly agree to this Privacy Policy.  This Privacy Policy was last updated on November 7, 2011.  This Privacy Policy applies from that date.  We may occasionally amend this Privacy Policy to reflect regulatory requirements, advances in technology, Site updates and changes in our information collection and disclosure practices. Any new policy will automatically be effective when it is published on the website. You should therefore return here regularly to view our most up to date Privacy Policy. You should also print a copy for your records.HomeAway complies with the US Department of Commerce's Safe Harbor scheme to cover the transfer of data to the US from the European Union and Switzerland.  HomeAway has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement.  To learn more about this scheme and see the information we have filed with the Department of Commerce here: http://export.gov/safeharbor/Your personal data (also referred to as personal information) - that is, data that identifies you, or from which you are identifiable - will be collected, processed, stored and used by us, and passed to and processed by companies in the HomeAway group and other data processors acting under our instructions. HomeAway is a global business.  As a result personal data contributed by or collected from users may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which we, members of the HomeAway group or our agents maintain facilities.  By using our Site, you acknowledge and agree that you may be transferring your personal data outside of the country in which you have contributed it (“your country”), and that you consent to any transfer of information outside of your country. These countries may not have similar data protection laws to those that apply in your country. However, if we transfer your personal data outside of your country in this way, we will take steps to try to ensure that your privacy rights are protected in compliance with applicable data protection law, this Privacy Policy, and the terms of our Safe Harbor self-certification.At various times you may give your personal data to us. For example, in order to process a request or inquiry from you, we may need to know all or some of the following: your full name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, your current location, and, in the case of a member's listing, a method of payment. You may also give personal data to us at other times, such as when registering on the Site or when submitting an advert for a property.  We may also gather information from cookies or web beacons.  You can find out more about they operate in the relevant section of this policy below.  We also collect IP addresses, mobile device identifier details, your location, navigation and click-stream data, the time of accessing the website, homes you viewed, what you searched for, the duration of your visit, and other  details of your activity on the Site. If you ask us to connect with other sites (for example if you ask us to connect with your Facebook account) we may get information that way too.  For further details on how we collect personal data, see Surveys and Newsletters below.  We obtain data from you either by you inputting your personal details, by the automatic collection of information about you as you use the Site, when we speak to you, or from third parties.  Third party information may include credit information which we use to prevent and detect fraud, information from your mobile provider if you are accessing the Site over a mobile device or information from a third party such as a social media or travel opinions site where you have asked us to share your data with them.Our primary purpose in collecting your personal data is to provide you with the services you request and those which we believe will optimize your use of the Site.  You agree that we may use your personal 
data for the following purposes:
For the services or to support your request;
To contact you from time to time with user or service updates;
To send other messages that help us provide our services on the Site;
To assist people you have done business with.  For example if you are an owner and a traveler who has booked or inquired with you needs your details we may pass them on; if you are a traveler and an owner you have booked with needs to contact you we may give them your details;
To customize, measure, report on and improve our services, content and advertising;
To promote services related to the Site or those of the HomeAway group and/or our affiliates;
To compare information for accuracy, and verify it with third parties;
To prevent, investigate or prosecute activity we think may be potentially illegal, unlawful or harmful and
To enforce our Privacy Policy and/or our Terms or any other purpose referenced herein or therein.

We collate statistics about site traffic, sales and other commercial information which we pass onto third parties to assist us in improving the services we provide to you. We also use demographic information to tailor the Site and we share that information with third parties so that they can build up a better picture of our customer base and general consumer trends.

If you are a member, we will also be able to contact you about your account and your use of our services.We may disclose your personal data to enforce our policies, or where we are permitted to do so by applicable law, such as in response to a request by a law enforcement or governmental authority, or in connection with actual or proposed litigation, or to protect our property, people and other rights or interests.

We may also share your personal data with:
One of our partners if you've requested their services or if you've requested to be provided with information by them;
Another member if you have done business with them;
A third party performing services on our behalf;
Companies in the HomeAway group and/or affiliates; or
Other companies or business entities, for example if we are thinking of a merger with or sale to that  company or business entity; or
Other companies we work with to feature all or part of our member's property listings or otherwise provide promotional or other services related to our or HomeAway group's business.  This might include featuring your listings and photographs on other websites; or
Any third party you have asked us to share your personal data with – such as Facebook if you have asked us to connect with your Facebook account.

You may have accessed our website through a hyperlink from the website of one of our trading partners.  If so, you consent to your personal details and purchase information, including behavioral patterns, being shared with that trading partner in accordance with our contractual relationship with them.

In the unlikely event that we or HomeAway, Inc. or any part of the HomeAway group is sold, or some of its assets transferred to a third party, your personal information, as a valuable asset, may also be transferred.  Potential purchasers and their advisors may have access to data as part of the sale process. However, use of your personal information will remain subject to this Privacy Policy. Similarly, your personal information may be passed on to a successor in interest in the unlikely event of a liquidation, bankruptcy, or administration. Our customer database could be sold separately from the rest of the business, in whole or in a number of parts.  It could be that the purchaser's business is different from ours, too.If you sign up as a member on the Site, you will receive our Owner newsletter, which is an integral part of the services we provide. Traveler users of the Site will be given the option to receive our Traveler newsletter when they register with us. We and HomeAway group may offer different newsletters from time to time intended to enhance the services we or they offer. Users may cancel their subscription to these newsletters at any time, although it may take a short while for the changes in your preferences to become effective.We also use surveys to collect information about our users. From time to time, we request users' input in order to evaluate potential features and services. The decision to answer a survey is completely yours. We use information gathered from surveys to improve our services.From time to time we may run games on the Site.  These games may allow for connectivity with other users or third parties.  If that is the case you consent to your personal data being transferred accordingly.As well as collecting data online and from correspondence we may also speak with you face to face (for example at an Owner's meeting) or by  telephone.  We frequently record telephone conversations.  Those recordings are also governed by this Privacy Policy and we keep this data in the same way that we keep other data.  Recordings of calls may also be transferred to locations or processed worldwide.Travelers may send inquiries to members via clickable links on the listings on the Site. If you choose to send an inquiry through these links, your personal information, including your email address and any other information you supply, will be visible to the member in question so that they might reply directly to you.  Your details may also be sent to us and we may have access to those communications even if you contact the member directly.  Additionally those messages may be hosted on, be processed by or transmit through our servers.  If you call the member, you may be asked to leave a return telephone number. Do not share information in the e-mail or phone call that you are not prepared to allow them and HomeAway group to have, including, but not limited to, credit card and bank account information. Inquiries can be sent to the individual member you selected and to our system. The resulting inquiry is available for review by the member to whom it was initially addressed and to our customer service people, who may share past inquiry information, or information related to past stays including your contact details with members. We may also from time to time, use third party e-mail servers to send and track receipt of inquiry emails, and analyze the pattern of inquiry usage reported by these third party tracking systems.We take reasonable technical and organizational measures to guard against unauthorized or unlawful processing of your personal data and against accidental loss or destruction of, or damage to, your personal data. While no system is completely secure, we believe the measures implemented by the Site reduce our vulnerability to security problems to a level appropriate to the type of data involved. We have security measures in place to protect our user database and access to this database is restricted internally. However, it remains your responsibility:
To protect against unauthorized access to your use of the Site;
To ensure no-one else uses the Site while your machine is logged on to the Site (including by logging on to your machine through a mobile, Wi-Fi or shared access connection you are using);
To log off or exit from the Site when not using it;
Where relevant, to keep your password or other access information secret.  Your password and log in details are personal to you and should not be given to anyone else or used to provide shared access for example over a network; and
To maintain good internet security.  For example if your email account or Facebook account is compromised this could allow access to your account with us if you have given us those details and/or permitted access through those accounts. If your email account is compromised it could be used to ask us to reset a password and gain access to your account with us. You should keep all of your account details secure.  If you think that any of your accounts has been compromised you should change your account credentials with us, and in particular make sure any compromised account does not allow access to your account with us.  You should also tell us as soon as you can, so that we can try to help you keep your account secure and if necessary warn anyone else who could be affected.
If you have asked us to share data with third party sites, however (such as Facebook) their servers may not be secure. Credit card information is generally stored by our credit card processing partners and we ask them to keep that data secure.  We also use third parties to help us optimize our website flow, content and advertising (see below).

Note that, despite the measures taken by us and the third parties we engage, the internet is not secure.  As a result others may nevertheless unlawfully intercept or access private transmissions or data.A "cookie" is a small file placed on your hard drive by some of our web pages.   We, or third parties we do business with, may use cookies to help us analyze our web page flow, customize our services, content and advertising, measure promotional effectiveness and promote trust and safety. Cookies are commonly used at most major transactional websites in much the same way we use them here at our Site.

You may delete and block all cookies from this site, but parts of the site will not work. We want to be open about our cookie use. Even if you are only browsing the Site certain information (including computer and connection information, browser type and version, operating system and platform details, and the time of accessing the Site) is automatically collected about you. This information will be collected every time you access the Site and it will be used for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy.

You can reduce the information cookies collect from your device.  An easy way of doing this is often to change the settings in your browser. If you do that you should know that (a) your use of the Site may be adversely affected (and possibly entirely prevented), (b) your experience of this and other sites that use cookies to enhance or personalize your experience may be adversely affected, and (c) you may not be presented with advertising that reflects the way that you use our and other, sites. You find out how to make these changes to your browser at this site: www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/.  Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will send cookies as soon as you visit our site.  By using the site you consent to this, unless you change your browser settings.

We gather and share information concerning the use of the Site by members and travelers with one or more third-party tracking companies for the purpose of reporting statistics. To do this, some of the pages you visit on our Site use electronic images placed in the web page code, called pixel tags (also called "clear GIFs" or "web beacons") that can serve many of the same purposes as cookies.

Web beacons may be used to track the traffic patterns of users from one page to another in order to maximize web traffic flow. Our third-party advertising service providers may also use web beacons to recognize you when you visit the Site and to help determine how you found the Site. If you would like more information about this and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here: http://networkadvertising.org/consumer/opt_out.asp.If you receive an unsolicited email that appears to be from us or one of our members that requests personal information (such as your credit card, login, or password), or that asks you to verify or confirm your account or other personal information by clicking on a link, that email was likely to have been sent by someone trying to unlawfully obtain your information, sometimes referred to as a "phisher" or "spoofer." We do not ask for this type of information in an email. Do not provide the information or click on the link.  Please contact us at Customer Support if you get an email like this.If you use the Site to apply to work with us, we will use the information you supply to process your application and to monitor recruitment statistics.  Where we want to disclose information to a third party, for example where we want to take up a reference, will not do so without informing you beforehand unless the disclosure is required by law.  Personal information about unsuccessful candidates will be held for 12 months after the recruitment exercise has been completed, it will then be destroyed or deleted.  We retain de-personalized statistical information about applicants to help inform our recruitment activities, but individuals should not be identifiable from that data. HomeAway is based in the US and employee and recruitment data is held there and in other HomeAway Group locations worldwide.

Once a person has taken up employment with us, we will compile a file relating to their employment.  At that stage we will give you more details about how we hold employee details.You can see any personal information processed by us.  The best way of seeing this if you are an Owner is to log on to your account by using the ‘Owner Login' tab at the top of the screen.  You can see your basic details and correct or update them there at any time to suit you.  We also want to give you the opportunity to identify any inaccuracies in any other information we hold about you. Where possible, if we're told about the inaccuracy of any personal information, we will make appropriate corrections. You can ask to see, update or amend any information we hold on you by contacting us.We will contact you from time to time for marketing purposes. Unless you have opted out, this could include contacting you by phone or email.

You may opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us by the following means:
1. Contact us at Customer Support;
2. Follow the instructions included in each communication or newsletter;
3. Use the Unsubscribe function; or
4. Mail the request to us at 1011 W. Fifth Street, Suite 300 Austin, Texas 78703.

Please remember that if you change your preferences it may take a short time for those preferences to become effective.We will retain your personal data only as long as is necessary for the purposes to which you consent under the Terms and Conditions and this Privacy Policy, or as is required by applicable law, and then we will delete it.If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, we encourage you to contact us at Customer Support. If you are unhappy with their answers, you can also speak to our Chief Privacy Officer Arndt Soret at asoret@homeaway.com.  In the unlikely event you still have an unresolved complaint, if your data was transferred to the US from the EU or Switzerland under Safe Harbor, you can also contact our dispute resolution service operated by NIPC, an independent arbitration service based in the EU.  Our Chief Privacy Officer can give you the details for this service.ABC Privacy Policy
Download the ABC Privacy Policy

The ABC is strongly committed to protecting your privacy when you interact with us, our content, products and services.

Our goal is to provide you and your family with media experiences that inform, entertain and educate. Sometimes this means that we use information that you provide to us about yourself to customise that experience. We do this to improve your enjoyment of our products and services. In providing our services to you, the ABC will be transparent about how and why we collect and use your information. In some cases, if you do not want us to collect or use your information in a particular way, then we will give you the opportunity to say so.

The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to explain:
the application of this Privacy Policy
the kind of information the ABC may collect about you, how we collect it, and how we use it
how we may disclose that information
how you can access the information we hold about you
when we may use your information to contact you
the protection of your personal information
the ABC's use of cookies to collect information, and how you can control or delete these cookies
additional steps to protect young people
how and why we collect and use additional information when you visit the ABC Shop.The ABC's Privacy Policy applies to personal information collected by the ABC, whether we have asked for the information or not. In accordance with s7(1)(c) of the Privacy Act, it does not apply to acts done, or a practices engaged in, in relation to its program material. In most cases, such acts and practices are governed by the ABC Editorial Policies and ABC Code of Practice.

This policy applies only to the ABC. It does not apply to any other company or organisation, including those whose digital services have links to ABC content or services. Third party services which have links to ABC content or services will govern the use of personal information you submit to them, which may also be collected by cookies when you visit or use them. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for the privacy practices of such third party digital services.

This policy applies to ABC Shops. The ABC Shop is a multichannel retailer with stores Australia-wide, and includes online shopping at, abcshop.com.au.

The ABC will review its privacy policy regularly, and may update it from time to time. If we make changes, we will post those changes here.2.1         Why we collect personal information

The ABC collects personal information about you:
because you have provided it to us, for instance if you contact us to make comments, complaints or to ask us questions, or you have interacted with one of our digital services (including online and mobile services), for instance by participating in forums, polls or competitions;
because we need it to provide a product or service that you have requested, for instance, if you subscribe to an email list or loyalty program, enter  a competition, or purchase products from the ABC;
because we would like to improve our services, for instance through the collection and analysis of statistical and research data and use of cookies (see below);
because you work for us, or apply to us for a job, a cadetship or work experience;
for purposes directly related to any of the above.
2.2         How we collect information when you use a digital service (including online and mobile services)

Broadly, there are two types of information or data we collect:
Information that you specifically give us
For example, you may provide information about yourself when you are filling in a form or when you sign up to a service. This type of information may include your name, email address and age. The information that you give us may be:
Personal information that is required. In some instances, you must provide personal information if you wish to use a particular service or participate in an activity. For example, your age may be required if we need to confirm that you are old enough to use a particular service.
Personal information that is optional. You may choose to provide some personal information which is not required but is directly related to the ABC's functions or activities. Usually this type of information will enable the ABC to improve or broaden the services we can offer you. If you choose not to provide this optional information, we would still be able to offer you the service, but perhaps with fewer options than if you had provided the optional information. For example, if you tell us your interests in a particular area, we may be able to provide you with specific ABC content that matches your interests. If you provide us with unsolicited information that we do not require or which is not directly related to the ABC's functions or activities, the ABC may be required to destroy or de-identify that information, provided it is lawful and reasonable to do so.
Permissions. Sometimes you will be asked to confirm that you agree to a particular activity. For example, you may need to expressly agree that you would like to receive a newsletter or to confirm that you agree to the terms and conditions of a competition.
" Some personal information that you provide is completely up to you. For instance, you can choose to ‘like' an ABC TV program on its Facebook page, or not. "
You may be able to make changes to the information you provided us (for example, if you change your email address) or withdraw the permission you gave us for a particular service. We will make it clear how you do that.

Data we collect that tracks your activity
The ABC automatically gathers information to monitor the use of its digital services (including online and mobile services), like the numbers and frequency of visitors to ABC websites.
This information helps us improve our services by learning what our audiences use and don't use. It can also help us identify if there are any problems with our services that need fixing.
This data is usually collected using ‘cookies'. ‘Cookies' are small files that are stored on your browser. Further information about the ABC's use of cookies is provided below.
Most of the data we collect is aggregated, and this information is effectively anonymous to us.
In some cases we may collect data that can be linked to you individually. For example, when you log in to an ABC digital service as a registered user, we may store records of information such as the comments you make, the pages you viewed or links you click on. Similarly, if you use our email newsletters we may collect data about the mailings you open and the links you click on from that newsletter.
As well as helping to improve our services, we may use this data to provide recommendations that you might find helpful based on your activity. In some cases, a digital profile may be formed based on your activity. We do this in order to improve your experience (for instance, because some services may allow you to build a profile which earns different privileges); or to improve our ability to provide a service (for instance, because our decisions about moderation of content may need to have regard to your profile).

" When you're ‘surfing the net', we collect information about the ABC pages that you visit. This helps us identify what our audiences are most interested in. "
Though surveys usually collect aggregate data, we will make it clear to you if any survey information is being collected in a way that could personally identify you.
If you use ABC Shops, further information may need to be collected because of the commercial nature of this site. Additional privacy information about ABC Shops is set out below.3.1         Disclosure of personal information to third parties
The ABC may disclose your personal information to third parties for the following purposes:
to provide the service you wish to use,
for research purposes relating to the performance, quality, maintenance and improvement of the ABC's services and products,
to customise and promote ABC services which may be of interest to you,
to provide technical support to you to use the ABC's services
if permitted or required by law; or
otherwise with your consent.
The ABC is assisted by a variety of third parties to deliver the services offered by the ABC.  These third parties are too numerous to list, and they change from time to time.  Some examples of the types of third parties include:
technology service providers including:
Internet service providers such as Akamai
App service providers such as Wildfire
cloud service providers such as Engine Yard and Amazon Web Services
ABC Shop fulfilment partners such as Australia Post
Promotion or marketing service providers such as Mindbox and Double Click
Subscription service providers and their mailing houses.
In many cases, the ABC imposes contractual restrictions equivalent to those imposed on the ABC under the Privacy Act in respect of collection and use of personal information by those third parties. In some cases, such as social media networks, the ABC's ability to impose contractual restrictions is limited. In those circumstances, the ABC will carefully consider the risks to the protection of personal information when entering into arrangements with third parties.
These third parties may be located in Australia or overseas locations, including but not limited to Singapore and the USA.

The ABC may disclose your personal information (excluding sensitive information about you) to third parties for the purposes of direct marketing the ABC's services.  The ABC will obtain your specific consent to disclose sensitive information for the purposes of direct marketing the ABC's services.  You will be able to opt-out of direct marketing at any time if you so choose.

Under no circumstances will the ABC sell or receive payment for licensing or disclosing your personal information.

3.2                     Information that you disclose publicly

The ABC provides content and services on a range of platforms with interactive features that you can contribute to. These include: guestbooks, forums, event diaries, reviews, recipes, online voting, blogs, and comments on opinion articles.

When using digital services (including online and mobile services), we suggest that you use your discretion and exercise caution when providing your personal information. For instance, if you “share” information that you have posted on an ABC website using a social media tool, it is likely that you will be sharing your personal information. The ABC has a limited capacity to protect personal information that you choose to share in this way.

Note that whenever you post personal information in publicly accessible places, such as chat rooms or message boards, this information becomes available to anyone with access to the internet. This information can be collected and used by others. In short, if you post personal information (such as your contact details) online, you may receive unwanted messages from other parties in return. Therefore, we recommend that you refrain from posting any information that you do not want seen in these public areas. For example, when participating in an ABC forum or guest book, your name will appear on the message board. In some cases, it may be appropriate to use a pen name or pseudonym rather than your real name when you are online. You must not intentionally use the name of another living person.

" Some ABC programs (such as Q&A) invite you to participate via Twitter. You should be aware that when you do this, you may be sharing personal information, including your political views. "
Ultimately, you are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and/or any personal information. Be responsible whenever you are online or using a digital service.



3.3                     Information that is disclosed via other platforms or services
Some ABC services may be integrated with external services, including social media networks. This may mean that information, for instance about your interests and activities, is tracked or pulled from other places (such as Facebook). If you are signed in to an ABC service which is integrated with other media tools, this information may be available to others depending on the privacy settings you have in place on other platforms.
The number and nature of social media platforms is changing rapidly, and the way in which information is shared between them is becoming increasingly complex. To help you manage and protect your personal information, the ABC will ask you to opt-in before making your personal information available through an integrated service. You may also opt-out of your participation in most of the ABC's digital services. Information about how to opt-out will be provided in the particular service. However, you should be aware that the ABC may continue to store personal information provided by you prior to you opting-out.
Your ability to opt-out of a third party tool or platform will depend on the conditions governing your agreement with that third party.You may request access to personal information that is held by the ABC about you. Requests for access will be dealt with by the ABC in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act 1982.

The ABC will take reasonable steps to make appropriate corrections to personal information so that it is accurate, complete and up-to-date.
The ABC welcomes feedback about privacy issues and will attend to all questions and complaints promptly.

You can contact the ABC about any privacy issues as follows:
By email: privacy.abc@abc.net.au
By mail: ABC Privacy Contact Officer
Australian Broadcasting Corporation
GPO Box 9994

Your State or Territory:We will never knowingly send you unsolicited commercial electronic messages. More information on the Spam Act 2003 is available from the regulator's website: http://www/acma.gov.au/spam

We may use information that we know about your likes and interests to tell you about other ABC programs, products and services when you are online. We may know about your likes and interests because you have provided that information, for instance via a social media platform, or because we have inferred this based on your browsing history, or other data related to your behaviour on ABC digital services.The ABC will take all reasonable and practicable steps to ensure that your personal information is properly protected from misuse or loss, and unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.

At the same time, we are committed to providing innovative and interactive experiences, and to being available to audiences on multiple platforms. Some of those platforms are not operated or controlled by the ABC, and our ability to protect your personal information is limited.

We encourage you to be vigilant about the protection of your own personal information when using third party digital services (such as social media platforms). As far as reasonably practicable, we will make sure that our relationships with those third parties include appropriate protection of your privacy.The ABC uses a “cookie” system on its digital services. A “cookie” is a small data file placed on your machine or device which lets our digital service store information. This information allows us to make our digital services easier to use and more relevant.
The ABC uses cookies for interactive features such as forums, voting, some games and online shopping at the ABC Shop website. For instance, cookies allow our servers to keep track of your customer details between visits to the ABC Shop website. The information stored by the cookie includes data that is provided during online registration processes. Placing cookies on your device also means we can serve you promotional information that you might be more interested in. The promotional information can appear on third party digital services as well as ABC digital services. It also allows us to control the number of times you see that promotional information and measure how effective the campaign has been.
Credit card information is never stored in a cookie.
The analytics systems used by the ABC use cookies to gather information regarding visitor activity on the ABC's digital services. This is not used to identify personal details but is collated into aggregate results in order to evaluate and improve our services.  When you use the ABC's digital services, some information is logged automatically, such as your computer's operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address, access times, browser type, pages visited and videos viewed. The ABC engages independent measurement companies (such as Webtrends and Nielsen Online) to perform these services. Privacy information from Webtrends is available here. Nielsen Online provides its privacy information here.

7.1         Controlling and deleting cookies
Popular browsers will usually give users a level of control over cookies.
You can set your browsers to accept or reject all, or certain, cookies. You can also set your browser to prompt you each time a cookie is offered.
Most cookies are easy to delete, and the Help function within your browser should tell you how. Some digital services may not load properly or function as intended if cookies are disabled, however it is up to you to determine the balance of convenience and computer privacy that you are comfortable with.

7.2         Cookies used by the ABC
The ABC uses the following types of cookies:
Session Computer Browser Cookies – Session cookies let you move from page to page without the need to repeatedly sign in. For instance, these cookies are used by the ABC Shop website to keep track of things such as what you put in your shopping cart. A session browser cookie is stored in the browser and deleted when the browser shuts down.
Persistent Cookies – Persistent cookies are used to help us monitor the performance of our digital services by recording your browsing behaviour within the particular digital service.
These browser cookies can only be read by the company that places the cookies on the computer. Persistent cookies are saved to the hard drive until they expire. Unlike session browser cookies, they are not deleted when the browser is shut down.
Flash Cookies – also known as Local Shared Objects, are used to track activity in Applications that are running in Adobe Flash Player. Designed for usability, they allow user's custom settings to persist between visits.
The ABC uses web beacons in combination with cookies to track activity. Turning off a browser's cookies will prevent web beacons from tracking activity.

7.3         Third Party Cookies
The ABC uses a number of suppliers who also set cookies on our digital services on our behalf in order to deliver the services that they are providing.
For instance, if we embed photos and video content from third parties such as flickr and youTube, those third parties may have set cookies relating to that content. If you then “share” that content, another third party cookie may be set by the service you have chosen to share content through. The ABC does not control these cookies, and does not block cookies set by third parties in these ways.Some digital services provided by the ABC are specifically designed for children; ABC4Kids for pre-school children and ABC3 for older children. The online protection of children is a shared responsibility between the ABC, the parent or carer, and the child. We strongly encourage parents and carers to monitor and participate in their children's use of the ABC's digital services.

The ABC aims to ensure that children and young people who engage with our online spaces understand the possible risks they face and how to minimise them. ABC digital spaces designed for children are subject to House Rules which guide participation and are designed to maintain safe and appropriate behaviour. House Rules include restrictions on the types of personal information the ABC allows children to communicate publicly. Content submitted to ABC children's sites is largely pre-moderated in order to enforce the House Rules and protect children.
If your child is participating in online community activities, we recommend you read the House Rules for that space with your child and explain anything to them that they may not understand.In addition to the General Principles outlined above, the following information is relevant to the ABC Shop.

9.1                     Collecting information about you
We collect personal information about you:
to manage and deliver orders that you make now and in the future
so we have a record of your order should you wish to return or exchange an item at a later date
to contact you with offers specific to your order
if you send us a query
if you subscribe to an email list
with your permission, to advise you of ABC Shop special promotions
as part of an entry to a competition or product review
to run cookies on our website (see above)
as part of our customer database
for statistical and research purposes
for purposes directly related to all of the above.
The ABC automatically collects general website traffic information (such as how many people have visited the site, most popular pages etc). This information is collated into aggregate results in order to evaluate our service and business practice in an effort to provide you with an optimum shopping service.

9.2                     Disclosure of information
We may share non-personal, aggregated information with other ABC Divisions, our partners and product distributors for research purposes. We never identify or disclose individual customers or visitors' information or purchases but we may disclose how many customers bought a specific item or used a specific service.
We may disclose personal information to third parties as set out above.

9.3                     Access to your personal information
Personal information that you have provided to ABC Shop (such as your name, invoice and delivery addresses, phone number, or email address) is accessible by registering with ABC Shop. By registering with ABC Shop you will need to retain a username and password. The ABC recommends that you update your personal information if your details change so that our records are accurate, complete and up-to-date.

9.4                     Credit card information
Crucially, your credit card details are only stored and transmitted in encrypted form. Unencrypted credit card information is NOT stored on our internet servers. Online credit card payments are currently processed using a third party payment gateway service run by Direct Payment Solutions LTD (DPS). DPS provides a PCI-DSS (plastic card industry data security scheme) compliant payment gateway service to the ABC Shop that is used to securely process customer payments. DPS's Privacy Policy can be viewed here. Credit card information is never stored in a cookie.

If you use PayPal to complete your transaction, your personal information (including credit card information) will be collected and used by PayPal in accordance with their privacy policy, which is available here.
If you use your credit card and the transaction is manual rather than electronic, the imprinted record will be stored by the ABC Shop for the period that financial records are required to be retained.

9.5         Your Choice – Online or Offline Shopping
If you do not wish to place your order on the internet, we offer you the option of phoning, faxing or mailing in your order.
The ABC Shop
Customer Order Centre
GPO Box 9994
Sydney NSW 2001
Phone: 1300 360 111 [+61 2 8333 5668]
Fax: 1300 360 150 [+61 2 8333 5622]
Australia

Page last updated: February 11, 2013We understand your concerns about how your information is used and shared, and we endeavor to use such information carefully and sensibly. This page explains how the information you provide is collected and used.We may collect both personally identifiable information about you and non-personally-identifiable information about your experience when you access the Wolfram|Alpha website.

The personally identifiable information we collect on our website or through our service consists of information you submit to us, including your name, email address, and other personal information that you willingly provide. Because participation in these activities is voluntary, you have a choice whether or not to disclose such information.

In addition to information that you provide to us through forms, we receive non-personally identifiable information whenever you interact with our websites, including your Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type and version, geographical region, referral URLs, and other data automatically supplied by common web browsers.When you use any Wolfram|Alpha application associated with a Third-Party Site ("TPS"), including but not limited to social networking sites such as Facebook, we may collect personally identifiable information about you from the profile you have established at the TPS.

By authorizing Wolfram|Alpha to access your TPS profile, you are authorizing Wolfram|Alpha to collect, store, and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information that your privacy settings at the TPS allow Wolfram|Alpha to access through the TPS Application Programming Interface ("API").

The personally identifiable information Wolfram|Alpha is allowed to access is affected by the privacy settings you have established at the TPS. Because the linkage between any TPS and Wolfram|Alpha is completely voluntary, and our ability to access your information at the TPS requires that linkage, you have a choice whether or not to disclose such information.Information about our users is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others. We do not sell, rent, or lease your information to third parties.

The information we obtain from Wolfram|Alpha users helps us enhance and refine our service and content. Non-personal information collected about you through your experience and queries is used to better understand the entire population that is utilizing our website and how we might improve our services to improve the collective experience. Except as noted below, we track and record IP addresses that access our website for internal reporting, diagnostic, and analysis purposes only.

If you choose to receive communication from Wolfram|Alpha directly or via use of any submission forms associated with the website, we may send you an email response as well as notify you of other offers or services that may be of interest. When you send email or other communications to us, we may retain those communications to respond to you and improve our products and services.

Your IP address is used to determine, when possible, your approximate geographical location, which affects such things as your results' default currency and units of measure, based on what country you are in. Your browser type may be used to fine-tune the results for optimal display, for example on mobile devices or to work around limitations of a particular browser. Referrer URLs may be used to generate usage statistics and analyze usage patterns.We may release personally identifying information when we believe release is necessary to comply with lawful court orders. Any collected information associated with your use of the website (personal and non-personal) will be disclosed to government authorities or third parties only pursuant to a lawful request, subpoena, or other process that legally compels disclosure of that information.

We may also preserve, use, or disclose your information if necessary to enforce our Terms of Use and related agreements; to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, including high-volume use of the website; to respond to support requests; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Wolfram|Alpha, our users, or others.When you visit our website, we, like most websites, send one or more cookies—small anonymous identifiers—to your computer that uniquely identify you to our servers. While we do use cookies for security and fraud investigation purposes, our primary purpose is to enhance your user experience by understanding and remembering your preferences, and by general tracking of our user trends. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can configure your browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, or notify you when a cookie is sent. Please be aware that Wolfram|Alpha may not have full functionality if your browser refuses cookies. We utilize the following types of cookies:
1) Strictly Necessary Cookies: These cookies are strictly necessary to provide services that you have requested on our website.
2) Functional Cookies: These cookies support and facilitate your use of our website by enabling enhanced and personalized features.
3) Performance Cookies: These cookies collect information that we utilize to support the measurement of this website.
4) Targeting Cookies: These cookies are used by social sharing services (such as Facebook), and also by various third parties to deliver messaging that may be of value or interest to you. We do not have access to read or write such third-party cookies, nor do we directly control the manner in which they may be used.From time to time, Wolfram|Alpha may contain links to other websites. We do not exercise any control over these websites, and we are not responsible for their privacy practices or content. We encourage all users to read the privacy policies of each and every website visited when following links from the Wolfram|Alpha website. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by Wolfram|Alpha.Wolfram|Alpha may additionally be accessed through web widgets or gadgets that are embedded on third-party sites, such as iGoogle. If you choose to access Wolfram|Alpha via such tools, then depending on the third-party widget technology, your personal information and queries may be passed on to the third party's servers prior to being processed on the Wolfram|Alpha website.We take appropriate measures to ensure the security of our website and systems. This includes precautions to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft, and misuse, as well as against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of data.

Despite our efforts to protect your personal information, there is always some risk that an unauthorized third party may find a way around our security systems or that transmissions of your information over the internet may be intercepted. Your use of the website constitutes an acceptance of such risk.We may update or modify this Privacy Policy from time to time in the future. Any such updates or modifications shall be effective immediately upon their posting. Please refer back to this page often for the latest information.If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, you may email us or contact us by U.S. mail at Wolfram Alpha LLC, Attn: Legal Department, 100 Trade Center Drive, Champaign, IL 61820-7237 USA.Privacy Policy of Linguee GmbH

Confidentiality and protection of your data is of paramount importance to Linguee GmbH (hereinafter "Linguee"). The protection of personal data collected, processed, and used in connection with your visit to our website is very important to us. Collection and use of your personal data is protected exclusively in accordance with the applicable data protection regulations. This privacy policy aims to inform you about the collection and use of your personal data whilst using our website www.linguee.com or Linguee Premium/Linguee Professional.

This agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the German Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) and the parties hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the German courts in respect of any dispute or matter arising out of or connected with this agreement. Any translation of the German language or German law version of this agreement (the "Original Agreement") is provided for convenience only and you agree that in the event of a conflict between the translated version and the Original Agreement, the provisions of the Original Agreement shall prevail.Data Controller for the purpose of German data protection law:
Linguee GmbH
Theodor-Heuss-Ring 36
50668 Köln
Amtsgericht Köln, HRB 64606

Should you have any questions or suggestions concerning data protection, please feel free to contact us via email at privacy@linguee.com.The purpose of the Data Protection Act is to protect individuals against infringement of their right to privacy as the result of the handling of their personal data. Personal data, as laid down in Section 3 (1) of the German Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG), is any information concerning the personal or material circumstances of an identified or identifiable natural person i.e name, address, email-address or telephone number and possibly data on usage. Data on usage is the data necessary in order to use our website e.g. characteristics to identify the recipient of the service, details of the beginning and end of the of the scope of the respective usage and details of the telemedia used by the recipient of the service. Increased protection is required for special categories of personal data such as information on racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade-union membership, health or sex life.Automated data collection
On accessing a Linguee website, your internet browser and Linguee Premium / Professional automatically transfers data. The following data is stored separately from other data which is possibly transferred to us:
time and date of visit,
web browser and version,
utilised operating system,
website from which you are visiting us (referrer URL),
name of requesting domain,
amount of transmitted data,
notifications of successful data retrieval and
when using a web browser, the search term.
The above data is stored solely for technical reasons and will not, at any time, be associated to a specific person.

Additionally, Linguee will log the IP address of each enquiring computer. This is necessary in order to analyse requests, ensure the security of Linguee's system, prevent unauthorised retrieval of the contents of our database and prevent fake comments.

Data entered by users of subscription service Linguee Premium / Linguee Professional
Should you wish to continue use of the subscription service Linguee Premium / Linguee Professional after expiration of the free test phase, a simple registration is necessary. Registration requires that you provide your name, email address, user name, password and the requested payment information. This data is not only necessary in order to create and manage your user account, but also to allow the maximum use of all Linguee Premium / Linguee Professional features. Linguee may also use this data in order to answer, at request, questions, suggestions or complaints.

Optional data
As an additional feature, Linguee Professional also offers users the chance to create their own personal translator profile in the translator database. Translators may provide profile information such as name, location, associations/organisations, language pairs, native tongue etc. The information provided for your translator profile is optional and not required in order to use Linguee Professional. Please note that all information you voluntarily provide for your profile may, for example, be used to recommend you as a translator to other users.

The Linguee website allows you to voluntarily set up a free user account. There are several advantages of being a registered user: enjoy search results free of advertising, suggest words and translations, keep track of your suggestions and edited entries and participate in vocabulary discussions. In order to register, you need to provide a login name, your full name, your email address and choose a password. Your full name is not visible to other users.

Naturally, you alone decide which data you would like to provide us with. We at Linguee are committed to the principle of data economy and avoidance. However, missing information may lead to restrictions in the use of Linguee Premium and Linguee Professional.In order to process a payment, you will be redirected to the chosen payment service provider, where you will be asked to provide the necessary information for the handling of the payment (e.g. credit card details). Linguee itself has no access to your payment information. Solely the respective payment service provider is responsible for data collection and processing. Should future payments be settled differently, Linguee will forward the information for payment to the appropriate payment provider (bank, credit card company etc.).

Furthermore, the disclosure of your personal data without your express prior consent may generally only occur under the following exceptional circumstances:
In cases where it is deemed necessary in order to aid investigation of unlawful platform usage or legal proceedings, personal data will be made available to criminal prosecution authorities and, if necessary, to injured third parties. However, personal data will only be forwarded to the abovementioned in the presence of solid evidence of unlawful and/or abusive conduct. Data may also be disclosed should such disclosure aid the enforcement of terms and conditions or other agreements. Linguee is obliged by law to provide information upon request of certain public authorities i.e. criminal prosecution authorities, revenue authorities and authorities pursuing administrative offences entailing fines.
Occaisionally, to enable us to provide you with our services, we are reliant on contractual partners and external service providers, for example in the areas of advertising campaigns (sent only with your express prior consent), customer service and the processing of payments (credit card, billing address etc.). In the abovementioned cases, it is necessary that we forward information to the relevant party for further processing. In order to protect your right to privacy, our external service providers are carefully selected and periodically reviewed. The service providers are only allowed to use the data for purposes stated by Linguee. The service providers are also contractually obliged to handle your data in expressly in accordance with this privacy policy and German data protection laws.
Linguee GmbH is a continually developing company. It is therefore possible that Linguee GmbH may change it's legal form, or choose to buy or sell individual subsidiaries, company shares or units. In the event of such a transaction, customer/user information will be transferred together with the transferred part of the company. Linguee will ensure that each transfer of personal data to third parties (in the aforementioned manner) will be conducted in accordance with this privacy policy and the relevant data protection laws.If you click on a word for which you require a translation while using Linguee Premium / Linguee Professional, the whole paragraph in which the word is embedded is sent to Linguee. This helps in offering you with a translation in the appropriate context. In order to calculate and display the results, search queries, including the context in which they are sent, are stored on a short-term basis in the main memory on a Linguee server. Data is not stored beyond the aforementioned retention period.

Please note that Linguee Premium / Linguee Professional is an automated process and is unable to detect the inclusion of personal data in the transmitted paragraphs. As a result of which, clicking on words found in paragraphs which contain personal data of third parties and/or sensitive data is strictly prohibited. Sensitive data is data containing information on racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade-union membership, health or sex life.
Depending on the your version of Linguee Premium / Linguee Professional, you may allow that your search history be stored. This can be done by changing your profile settings. As a result, your search history may then be included in your future translation searches. However, this is only possible if you have chosen to use this feature. You may revoke your consent that your search history is stored at any time with future effect via email to privacy@linguee.com or by changing your profile settings.Linguee offers a free newsletter service. The Linguee newsletter keeps subscribers informed about the latest Linguee news, surveys, new products or services and additional information of interest. Furthermore, we also provide information regarding offers and products from our cooperation partners.

To sign up for the newsletter, go to "Feedback" under http://www.linguee.com/english-german/page/feedback.php then the tick the box next to "Newsletter".
You can unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time. Each newsletter contains information about how to unsubscribe with future effect.Linguee stores so-called "Cookies", in order to provide you a large array of features and an easy-to-use service. "Cookies" are small files which, with the help of your browser, are stored on your computer. If you do not wish that "Cookies", you can disable "Cookies" by changing the settings of your internet browser on your computer accordingly. Please note that this may limit the functionality of our service.

Linguee also uses "Cookies" from our cooperation partners. This is how our offers are provided with advertisements, for example from DoubleClick/Google, pilot media GmbH und Co. KG, Group M, Ligatus GmbH, Adcloud GmbH, Criteo GmbH, AudienceScience (Germany) GmbH und Nugg.ad AG. Linguee may place (or identify) a unique Cookie, from the customer referred to in the advertisement, on your browser. By placement of the advertisement, information about your visit to the website is collected e.g. how often you have seen an advertisement. No further personal data e.g. your name or address, is collected or forwarded.

It is therefore not possible for you to be identified on the basis of this information. If you do not want information to be forwarded or Cookies to be placed, or you would like to receive further information regarding the use of Cookies, please refer to e.g. http://www.google.com/intl/de/privacy/privacy-policy.html, http://www.google.com/intl/de/privacy_ads.html oder auch http://www.meine-Cookies.org/
Central opt-out available soon under: http://www.meine-Cookies.org/Cookies_verwalten/praeferenzmanager.html

If you object to information regarding this purpose, in connection with your use of our online service, being forwarded, you may deactivate the interest-based advertising with one of our cooperation partners:
Google - Zum deaktivieren bitte hier klicken
Nuggad - http://www.nugg.ad/de/datenschutz
IVW/Agof - http://optout.ivwbox.de/
Adconion GmbH - http://www.adconion.com/de/datenschutz/das-adconion-cookie.html
AdJug GmbH - http://www.adjug.de
adnologies GmbH - http://ads.heias.com/x/opt_out.php
adyard GmbH - http://adyard.de/privacy-policy
Criteo GmbH - http://www.criteo.com/de/datenschutzrichtlinien/opt-out
ClickDistrict - http://ads.creative-serving.com/opt-out
groupm - http://www.groupm.com/privacy-policy
Kupona GmbH - http://datenschutz.kupona.de
Ligatus GmbH - http://www.ligatus.de/global/popup_datenschutz_retargeting.html
Metrigo GmbH - http://metrigo.com/privacy
M,P Newmedia GmbH - http://www1.mpnrs.com/deliver2/optout.jsp
Microsoft Deutschland GmbH - http://choice.live.com/advertisementchoice/
myThings - http://www.mythings.com/Optout.html
Open Inventory media - http://de.adition.com/privacy/
Pilot 1/0 GmbH - http://www.pilot.de/datenschutz
plista GmbH - http://www.plista.com/optout/index
Specific Media Germany GmbH - http://www.specificmedia.de/privacy
Vibrant Media GmbH - http://intellitxt.com/opt_out/ch_optout.asp
Yahoo! Deutschland GmbH - http://info.yahoo.com/privacy/de/yahoo/opt_out/targeting/details.html
xplosion interactive GmbH - http://www.xplosion.de/so-funktionierts/opt-out.html
mediascale GmbH & Co. KG - http://www.mediascale.de/de/datenschutz/index.html
If you have any revocation-related questions, please contact: widerruf@netzathleten.de
Please note, the implementing your revocation may require configuration of a permanent Cookie on your computer!Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "Cookies" i.e. text files stored on your computer, enabling an analysis of website and Linguee Premium / Linguee Professional usage. The information generated by the Cookie about your use of the website (including your abbreviated IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by a Google server in the United States. Google will use this information for evaluating your use of the website and Linguee Premium / Linguee Preofessional, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. When using Linguee Premium / Linguee Professional, no search requests or sections of text you click on will be forwarded to Google.
If you object to a website analysis, you can deactivate Google Analytics with a browser add-on. Download the add-on here: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de.

Google AdSense / AdExchange
Should Google AdSense or Google AdExchange (a Google Inc., USA ("Google") advertisement service) display advertisements on this website (text ads, banners etc.), your browser may store a Cookie from Google Inc. or sent from a third party. The information stored in the Cookie may be recorded, collected or analysed by Google Inc. or a third party. Additionally, Google AdSense uses "Web Beacons" (small invisible graphics) to gather information, with which simple data such as website visitor traffic can also be recorded, collected and analysed. The information generated by the Cookie and/or Web Beacon about your use of this website is transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use the information gathered for the purpose of evaluating use of the website in view of the AdSense advertisements. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process thie information od Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You can prevent the storage of Cookies on your hard drive and the display of web beacons by choosing "accept no Cookies" (phrase may vary with every web browser) in your browser settings. In Internet Explorer under "Tools / Internet options / Privacy / Advanced", then check "Override automatic Cookie handling" and "Block" First-party Cookies and Third-party Cookies and uncheck "Always allow session Cookies". In Firefox under "Firefox Menu / Preferences / Privacy", then set "Firefox will" to "use custom settings for history", uncheck "Accept Cookies from sites" and uncheck "Accept third-party Cookies". Further information can be found under .

Criteo
For marketing purposes, the Linguee website uses Criteo SA (Unterer Anger 3, 80331 Munich, Germany) technology to collect and store information, in anonymous form, about website users' surfing behaviour. Criteo analyses the users' surfing behaviour, allowing a targeted and personalised banner with recommended products to be displayed when visiting other websites. You will find a small "i" (visible by mouse over) in the bottom right corner of each banner displayed . By clicking on it, you will be directed to a website, which explains the systematics and also offers an opt-out. By clicking the "Opt-Out", a Cookie will be placed which will prevent the banner from being displayed in the future. Data is, under no circumstances, used to personally identify website visitors. The data collected by Criteo is used solely to improve the advertisement offers. The collected information is not forwarded to third parties and is not used to other purposes. Please find further information or object to an anonymous analysis of your surfing behaviour under http://www.criteo.com/us/privacy-policy.

Scaleable Centralised Measuring Procedure
In order to determine statistical parameters for usage of our services, our website uses the "Scaleable Centralised Measuring Procedure" provided by INFOnline (https://www.infonline.de). Data is collected anonymously during this process. The (Scaleable Centralised Measuring Procedure) range measurement uses a Cookie "ivwbox.de" or an electronic signature (created using automatically transmitted information from your computer), to help recognise computer systems. IP adresses are processed in anonymous form only and are not stored. This range measurement procedure was developed in compliance with data protection legislation. The aim of the range measurement is to acquire statistical information regarding intensity of usage and number of users of a website. Individual users are not identified at any time. Your identity remains protected at all times. You will not receive advertisements from this system.
User statistics of websites and online services from members of the German "Informationsgemeinschaft zur Feststellung der Verbreitung von Werbeträgern e.V." (IVW - www.ivw.eu, German association for the surveillance of the distribution of advertising media) or participants of the study "internet facts" by the "Arbeitsgemeinschaft Online-Forschung e.V." (AGOF - www.agof.de, German association for online research), will be published monthly by AGOF, the "Arbeitsgemeinschaft Media-Analyse e.V." (ag.ma - www.agma-mmc.de, German association for media analysis) and IVW, and may be viewed under http://www.agof.de, http://www.agma-mmc.de and http://www.ivw.eu. Besides publishing data, IVW regularly verifies the rule- and data protection compliancy regarding usage of the Scaleable Central Measuring Procedure. Further information about the Scaleable Central Measuring Procedure can be found on the INFOnline GmbH website (https://www.infonline.de), the AGOF data protection website (http://www.agof.de/datenschutz) and the IVW data protection website (http://www.ivw.eu). You may object to the data processing via Scaleable Central Measuring Procedure under the following opt-out link: http://optout.ivwbox.deYour data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer needed for the aforementioned purpose. Should it be required by law that certain data is retained, this data will be blocked. The data is then no longer available for further use.Linguee reserves the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time. The latest version of the data protection policy can be found under http://www.linguee.de/deutsch-englisch/page/privacy.phpYour privacy is very important to Qatar Airways and we understand how important it is to you. This Privacy Policy applies to all information gathered by Qatar Airways when you are on the Qatar Airways site and when you utilise any services provided by Qatar Airways, including the Qatar Airways Privilege Club. Once you choose to provide us with any information by which you can be identified, we will only use your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

Please review this Privacy Policy carefully. Your use of this Website, mobile site and mobile applications constitutes your agreement this Privacy Policy. If you cannot agree with all these terms, please exit this Website, mobile site and mobile applications. Please note that other airlines have their own privacy policies. Qatar Airways suggests that you review those other policies if your travel plans include travel on other airlines, as those policies may differ from Qatar Airways. Qatar Airways is based in Doha, State of Qatar. We utilise support and other functions, which may require the transfer of your personal data to and from other countries from time to time, both within and outside of the European Economic Area. Please note that by using this website, mobile site and mobile applications, you are agreeing that your data may be sent to and processed in other countries with varying data protection laws. If you have any questions or comments on this, please contact Qatar Airways.www.qatarairways.com
m.qatarairways.com
m1. qatarairways.com
Android mobile application
Blackberry mobile application
iPhone mobile applicationQatar Airways may collect identifying information from you when you utilize the Qatar Airways website, mobile site and mobile applications:

Your name, address, telephone numbers, email address and prefered method of payment and flight booking details;
When you book online, or order products or services, Qatar Airways will collect your billing information, transaction and credit information;
If you apply for membership in the Qatar Airways Privilege Club, Qatar Airways will collect the personal information requested on the application;
Qatar Airways may also ask you to provide information regarding your personal or professional interests, demographics, experiences with its products, and contact preferences in order to provide you with further services or information about its products and services; and
Some pages on the Qatar Airways website, mobile site and mobile applications use cookies. Please see the "How we use cookies" section below for more information about cookies.
Tracking statistical information collected as you navigate through our sites such as traffic hits. This is stored purely for analytical purposes, and is entirely anonymous.Qatar Airways uses the personal information it collects from you to help it understand your needs and to help it provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:

To assess what special flight offers and services we can offer you;
To process your request on purchasing our product(s) and service(s) and confirm your travel arrangements;
To improve our products and services;
For the operations of Privilege club including mileage tracking, delivery of associated benefits and services, ongoing research and programme development, as well as delivering news and information to Privilege Club Members; and
For our own marketing purposes, such as sending you updates on our latest offers and promotions.

When you provide personal information online, you may indicate that you do not want to receive direct marketing materials from Qatar Airways or any other company.Qatar Airways may send personally identifiable information about you to other companies or people when:
We have your consent to share the information with our affiliates and with selected marketing partners, including Qatar Airways Holidays, to enable them to send you promotional materials about products or services;
We need to share your information to provide the service, product or information you have requested, and/or benefits or offers as a result of membership in the Privilege Club (unless we tell you differently, these companies do not have the right to use your personal information for any purpose other than to provide the service, product or information you have requested from Qatar Airways, or the benefit or offer resulting from membership in the Privilege Club); or
We are legally obliged to provide personal information and booking details to governmental authorities, including customs and immigration officials. We may share information in the aggregate to assess marketing and sales performance. New laws in the US and other countries require Qatar Airways and other airlines to collect 'Advanced Passenger Information' (passport and associated information) for all passenger prior to travel to and from those countries. Qatar Airways is required to provide this information to the relevant customs and immigration authorities.If you believe that any personal information Qatar Airways is holding about you is incorrect or incomplete, or if you want to change your marketing preferences regarding direct mail promotions, please contact Qatar Airways as soon as possible by writing to the below address. Qatar Airways will revise any information that is incorrect, or update or change your information or preferences. It may take several weeks to implement the changes.
Qatar Airways Group
Qatar Airways Tower
P.O. Box: 22550
Doha

QatarQatar Airways cannot distinguish the age of persons who access and use its website, mobile site and mobile applications. If a minor (according to applicable laws) has provided Qatar Airways with Customer Data without parental or guardian consent, the parent or guardian should contact Qatar Airways to remove the relevant Customer Data and unsubscribe them.Qatar Airways is committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access to, or disclosure of, any of your personal information, Qatar Airways has put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information it collects. In order to protect the security of your data, Qatar Airways uses encryption technology when collecting or transferring sensitive personal data such as credit card information.We will occasionally inform you about our special offers and new services via your e-mail address. You only receive our newsletters after subscribing. If you do not want to receive the newsletters anymore, you can unsubscribe anytime by using the link ‘unsubscribe' on the newsletter. After receiving your request, we will not send you any further newsletters and we will delete you email address from the distribution list.This website, mobile site and mobile applications may contain links to enable you to visit other website, mobile site and mobile applicationss. Please note that Qatar Airways does not have any control over other website, mobile site and mobile applicationss. Therefore, Qatar Airways cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information that you provide whilst visiting such sites. Such sites are governed by their own privacy policies and not the Qatar Airways Privacy Policy.A cookie is a piece of text placed on your computer's hard drive to help analyse web traffic. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.

Qatar Airways uses cookies to track which pages are being used by whom. This helps Qatar Airways to analyse data about web page traffic and improve this website, mobile site and mobile applications in order to tailor it to customer needs. Qatar Airways only uses this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. Denial of a traffic log cookie should not prevent you from using this website, mobile site and mobile applications. You can configure your Internet browser to accept or reject cookies or to notify you when a cookie is set (check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.)
However, certain features of this website, mobile site and mobile applications will not be available to you if you reject the cookies.

For more information about cookies, see our cookie policy.Qatar Airways may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Use of the website, mobile site and mobile applications after the effective date of the amendments constitutes acceptance of the amended terms and conditions. We reserve the right to apply the amended terms to the information we have already collected, subject to any legal constraints. You should read and review this page regularly to see if there have been any changes.


Last updated 22 November 2012Privacy Policy
This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") applies to your use of the U.S. News Services only and does not cover information collected by any third party sites to which the U.S. News Services links, or to any other products or services offered by U.S. News other than on the U.S. News Services. This Privacy Policy is part of, and is hereby incorporated into, the U.S. News Services' Terms and Conditions. You can read the entire Terms and Conditions by either scrolling up to the top of this Web page or by clicking here. If you do not agree with the Terms and Conditions, including the Privacy Policy, in their entirety, please do not use any U.S. News Services.U.S. News may collect personally identifiable information from you such as your name, telephone number, postal address, e-mail address and credit card information so that we or selected companies can provide you with the products and services you request. For example, we may ask you for your name, e-mail address, and certain other information in connection with certain features. U.S. News may also collect your credit card information when you make a purchase, so that we can process your payment for the product or service you are requesting. During the ordering process, such credit card information is transmitted either to U.S. News or to the particular supplier or service provider who provides the service you are purchasing. In both cases, credit card information is then transmitted to third-party credit card processors and card issuers that use your information to process your order.

U.S. News may also collect non-personally identifiable information when you visit the U.S. News Services, such as your browser configuration, the type of operating system you are using, and information about your Internet service provider.We may use the information you supply to fulfill your requests for products and services, to respond to your inquiries, and to offer other products and services from either us or selected companies which may be of interest to you. If you decide that you do not wish to receive such communications from U.S. News and others, you may opt-out of receiving further e-mails and other communications by clicking "Unsubscribe" in any email. If you choose to submit content for publication (e.g., a letter to our editors, or information to be posted as a comment), we may publish your name, screen name or such other information you supply.

If you have indicated interest in receiving information directly from a selected outside company, we may provide such selected outside company with information that may include but not be limited to your name, telephone number, postal address and email address. If you decide that you do not wish to receive further communications from such selected outside company, you will need to so notify such selected outside company.

We sometimes use non-personally identifiable information we collect through our use of cookies to improve the design, delivery and content of our publications and the U.S. News Services and to enable us to personalize your user experience. We may also use the non-personally identifiable information we collect in the aggregate to analyze how visitors use the U.S. News Services, as well as to provide you with offers and information about products and services which you have agreed to receive.

In addition, U.S. News may disclose information we maintain (A) if in good faith we believe that such disclosure is necessary to (1) comply with the law or legal process; (2) protect and defend our rights and property; (3) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of the U.S. News Services; or (4) protect the personal safety, property, or rights of our users or the public, or (B) in connection with a corporate transaction, such as a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale.If at some point after giving U.S. News your personally identifying information, you do not wish to continue to receive additional information and offers from U.S. News about U.S. News, from U.S. News's affiliates, or from selected outside companies, you may opt out of receiving future emails by clicking the "Unsubscribe" link located at the bottom of each e-mail. If you purchased content appearing at www.usnews.com or otherwise purchased products through the U.S. News Store, you can edit your U.S. News Store profile after you have logged into your account."Cookies" are pieces of information that are placed by the U.S. News Services in a storage place on your computer or mobile device. Cookies do not contain information that is, in itself, personally identifying. Cookies are placed on your computer or mobile device in a limited way to help deliver advertisements, to calculate unique site visitors, and to track usage throughout our site. Other uses include placement of cookies to make the login process more convenient for our services that use logins.

In addition, some advertisers or featured services providers may place cookies on your computer or mobile device. These companies may use cookies and other tracking information to collect information about your visits to usnews.com and other websites, so that they can measure the effectiveness of ads, to track page usage and paths followed during visits, and to provide advertisements about goods and services they think will be of interest to you based on your usage. These companies may provide this data to us. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.

We also contract with certain third parties to help manage and optimize the U.S. News Services business, including but not limited to the following companies with whom we share information in order to operate the U.S. News Services and deliver our service to you:
We use the services of a third party marketing company, Omniture, to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising and how visitors use the U.S. News Services. To do this, we use Web beacons and cookies provided by this third party marketing company at the U.S. News Services. This information helps us learn things like what pages are most attractive to our visitors, which of our products most interest our customers, and what kinds of offers our customers like to see. You can "opt-out" of our ability to analyze such Omniture data by clicking here.

We also use a third party advertising company, DoubleClick, to deliver ads to you when you visit the U.S. News Services. In the course of providing this service, our third-party advertising company may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser which collects information about your visits to the U.S. News Services, such as the number of times you have viewed an ad (but not your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number or other personally identifiable information). If you would like more information about this practice and to understand your choice not to have this information used by DoubleClick, please click here.

We have contracted with a third party, ValueClick, Inc., to monitor certain pages of the U.S. News Services for the purpose of reporting traffic, statistics, advertisement 'click-throughs', and/or other activities on the U.S. News Services. Where authorized by us, ValueClick and its business partners may use cookies, web beacons, and/or other monitoring technologies to compile anonymous statistics about visitors to the U.S. News Services. No personally identifiable information is collected by or transferred to any party other than U.S. News. For more information about how the information is collected and used by ValueClick, please see ValueClick's privacy policy by clicking here.Portions of the U.S. News Services permit you to integrate such U.S. News Service with Facebook. Through such integration, U.S. News may receive personally identifiable information about you such as your name, profile picture, educational institutions you have attended and your major there, work information, fan pages, networks, current location, friends and similar personally identifiable information about your friends who are registered on Facebook (“Friends”). U.S. News may use this information to customize the services that we provide to you through the U.S. News services. By visiting a U.S. News Service, information that we receive from Facebook about you and your Friends may appear to you on the U.S. News Service. In addition, if you are listed as a Friend on Facebook of other users of U.S. News Services, your Facebook information may appear to those users on the U.S. News Service if they have chosen to integrate their use of U. S. News Services with Facebook.

If you wish to opt out of sharing your Facebook information with U.S. News, you must update your Facebook privacy options on your Facebook privacy settings page at www.facebook.com/privacy/, or you can deactivate Facebook features on the U.S. News Service at http://colleges.usnews.rankingsandreviews.com/best-colleges/friends.No one under the age of 13 should provide any personally identifiable information to U.S. News. In general, U.S. News does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If in limited circumstances we do knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13, we will do so only with verified parental consent prior to collection. In the event that we learn that we have collected such information from a child under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete this information from our database as quickly as possible. If you believe the U.S. News Services has collected any personally identifiable information about anyone under 13, please contact us at webmaster@usnews.com.Users of the U.S. News Services who are California residents and who have provided personally identifiable information to us may request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail to webmaster@usnews.com with “Request for California Privacy Information” in the subject line and in the message.Help  Account  Privacy PolicyWhen you register or enter information on our site, we collect your personal information.
We use cookies and other technology to keep track of your online interaction with our site.
We don't send spam and do not permit spam on DiscogsWe use information to:

Provide the requested services.
Personalize the site for you and communicate with you.
Help enforce our terms and conditions, prevent fraud, and keep Discogs safe.We disclose your information to facilitate your transactions on the site.
We occasionally provide information to other companies who work on our behalf to help provide our services.
We share limited information with law enforcement and others to help keep Discogs safe.
We do not give or sell email addresses or collection/wantlist data to any third party.The settings page allows you to:

Choose how we communicate with you.
Change your personal information
Set privacy preferences for your collection and wantlistInformation you post in groups, forums, and/or database becomes public information. Please exercise caution when disclosing your private information in these areas.Except as otherwise expressly included in this Privacy Policy, this document addresses only the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. If you disclose your information to others, whether they are buyers or sellers on our site or other sites throughout the internet, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the information you disclose to them. Discogs does not control the privacy policies of third parties, and you are subject to the privacy policies of those third parties where applicable. We encourage you to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to others.The Google Analytics features we've implemented are based on Displayed Advertising (e.g., Remarketing).
Visitors can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using the Ads Preferences Manager.
We use Remarketing with Google Analytics to advertise online.
Third-party vendors, including Google, show our ads on sites across the Internet.
We and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on someone's past visits to our website.
If you would like to opt-out you may use this browser add-on.We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the amended terms on this site. All changes to our terms are effective immediately. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy from time to time so you will know if the Privacy Policy has been changed or updated.You can contact us via our support request form.Web User Privacy Policy

Welcome to Commission Junction, Inc. (hereinafter "Commission Junction", "CJ", "we" or "us"). All references to "Commission Junction", "CJ", "we" or "us" in this Privacy Policy shall refer only to Commission Junction, Inc.

At Commission Junction, privacy is a top priority and we provide this Privacy Policy to outline our practices and procedures with respect to information collection and use to enable you to make an informed decision about sharing information with us. Commission Junction is an advanced performance marketing solutions company, and we may deliver and/or work with advertisements delivered to the websites you visit or via other marketing channels.

All other ValueClick, Inc. entities are governed by separate privacy policies found on such entities' respective websites. Commission Junction is a subsidiary of ValueClick, Inc., and ValueClick, Inc. is a member of the Digital Policy Forum, which works to address important privacy and consumer protection issues in emerging media.Acceptance of Terms
Please read this policy carefully because by visiting this website or domain or other Commission Junction Websites or domains ("Website") and/or sharing information with us, you agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy. The Privacy Policy may be revised or updated at any time by us. This page was last updated as of the date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

Summary
We have included a table summarizing our practices solely for your convenience and reference purposes. This table, however, is not an exhaustive description of our privacy practices and should not be construed to define, limit, and/or describe the scope or extent of our Privacy Policy. As a result, we urge you to read the entire Privacy Policy. You may click on the terms to the left of most of the summaries below to link to more information.


Information NOT Collected - PII
We do not collect personally identifiable information (data collected with an intention to identify and/or contact a person such as name, address, telephone number or e-mail address) (hereinafter "PII"), except as expressly provided for herein. PII may be collected should a consumer contact Commission Junction on his/her own initiative or respond to a Commission Junction advertisement and provide such PII.

Information Collected - Non-PII
The non-personally identifiable information we collect may include as an example, IP address, browser types, operating systems, domain names, language preference, access dates and times, referring website addresses, online transactions and browsing and search activity.

How Information is Used
We may use your Non-PII ("Information") for the following general purposes: enhancement of our services; marketing; and to more effectively match advertisements and website content to your interests.

Sharing Your Information
We may share your Information with third party service providers we have contracted with, ValueClick, Inc., and its subsidiaries and affiliates ("Value Click Entities"), third party marketing partners, business partners and our clients, and as expressly provided for herein.

Your Choices
You may regulate the use of cookies and the associated collection of your Information through your browser settings.

Security
We use reasonable and appropriate security measures to protect your data.

Changes
We may change the Privacy Policy at any time by posting the revised Privacy Policy on the Website along with the date such Privacy Policy was last updated.

Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of or your dealings with us relating to this Privacy Policy, please email us at cjprivacy@cj.com or send correspondence to us at the following address:
Commission Junction, Inc., Privacy Officer, 30699 Russell Ranch Road, Suite 250, Westlake Village, CA 91362.Non-Personally Identifiable Information
As part of our on-going efforts to ensure the best possible experience for all recipients of Commission Junction advertising, we may use log files, web beacons and cookies (defined below) to collect and store data from browsers, advertiser and third party sites ("Sites") to aggregate Information. The Information collected is used for marketing purposes, enables us to determine which advertisements perform well, allows us to more effectively match advertisements and website content to your interests, if necessary, assists us in improving the operation of our services, helps us to maintain the quality of our services, enhances our services to our business partners and clients and enables us to provide general statistics to our business partners and clients regarding use of Commission Junction's services.

"Log files" store tracked actions occurring on Sites and collect data including your IP address, browser type, referring url, request url, user agent, browser accept language, platform type, and date/time stamp (for clicks and sales/leads only), which make up click, impression, and sales/lead data, advertisements viewed, and any other data that comes from interaction with Commission Junction's network.

"Web beacons" are objects that are embedded in a web page or e-mail and are usually invisible to the user but are used to track a web user's navigation of a website or collection of websites or pages, interaction with an e-mail, the completion of transactions, submittal of applications and browsing behavior.

"Cookies" are files (e.g. flash browser objects or http header) that are stored on your web-enabled client (such as your web browser). There are many misconceptions about Cookies, some of which we will try to address in this policy. Cookies cannot erase your hard drive or otherwise damage your computer and do not tell us an e-mail address or any other PII. Commission Junction does not and cannot use Cookies or web beacons to retrieve PII from your computer. Cookies are used to improve the experience web users have when they see web advertisements. When a consumer responds to or views an Internet advertisement served by Commission Junction (such as through third-party Web sites or email solicitation) or visits a Commission Junction Network site, we send a Cookie and/or gif file to assign an anonymous, unique identifier to the end user's Internet browser. One function of these Cookies is to provide Commission Junction with information for the purpose of paying third-parties commissions when an Internet user clicks on a link, creates a lead, or makes a purchase on an advertiser's Web site. If the Internet user re-visits the advertiser's site directly, Commission Junction is able to continue to track the user's activities (excluding PII) on the advertiser's site and reward the third-party Web site that referred the user. We may use Cookies to estimate the total reach of an advertising campaign, as well as frequency of display. This allows advertisers to determine with greater accuracy the composition of the audience they reach. Cookies may also be used to control the delivery of a series of advertisements to a web browser, and to limit the number of times a web browser receives any one advertisement. We also may use Internet browsing and online purchase data associated with an anonymous identifier to develop a predictive statistical user profile of the end user's needs and interests. We reserve the right to retain all ad delivery and reporting data as long as may be reasonably necessary for accounting and audit purposes.

There are two classes of Cookies based on how long they remain on an internet enabled device: (i) "Session Cookies," which are used only during a web user's visit to a website or web page and are erased once such user closes the browser, and (ii) "Persistent Cookies," which remain on a web user's browser for no more than 5 years from a user's last interaction with an advertisement.

A useful resource on understanding Cookies may be found at http://www.allaboutcookies.org.Information Shared by Commission Junction
Commission Junction will only share your Information for the limited purposes provided for in this Privacy Policy. This may include sharing Information (1) to enable third party service providers to assist or facilitate in the services we provide to our clients; (2) to comply with applicable laws and regulations or to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information received by us, whether or not a response is required by applicable law; (3) to enforce our terms of use and other agreements or to protect our rights; (4) to protect the safety of members of the public and users of the service; (5) with other ValueClick Entities and third party marketing partners (including advertisers and publishers) for marketing purposes; (6) with vendors, administrative service providers, technology providers, and carefully selected partners for data validation, enhancement, information verification and suppression services; or (7) for any other purpose for which you provide consent. We may share Information with other ValueClick Entities, advertisers, publishers and other third parties for marketing purposes and online behavioral advertising, but such Information does not include PII; provided, however, such ValueClick Entities, advertisers, publishers and other third parties may combine such Information with any PII that you may choose to give in registering and transacting with their websites and other platforms, and such information and PII may be sent through Commission Junction to the relevant ValueClick Entities, advertisers, publishers and other third parties. With respect to online behavioral advertising, we, the ValueClick Entities and other third parties may use non-personally identifiable information collected or shared with respect to your visits to websites we have relationships with for various purposes, including, but not limited to providing advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. Typically a cookie or third party web beacon is used to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, please click on the following link: www.networkadvertising.org. While Commission Junction chooses its business partners and clients carefully and strongly encourages them to adopt responsible approaches to online marketing, Commission Junction is not responsible for the information and privacy practices of such third parties. The collection, use, and disclosure of information by clients and partners are subject to their respective privacy policies, which may differ from this Privacy Policy. You should check the applicable privacy policies of these third parties to determine how they handle any information they receive.

In the event that Commission Junction is acquired by or merged with a third party entity, we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer or assign the information we have collected from you as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control. In the unlikely event of our bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors' rights generally, we may not be able to control how your Information is treated, transferred, or used.

Information Collected by Third Party Sites
Please be aware that our website, the websites of our advertiser and publisher clients as well as the websites on which we place advertisements or any third party websites linked to one of our sites also may collect information from you for various purposes, including, but not limited to providing advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. Such information collected by such websites and their affiliated or third party partners may include non-personally identifiable information through the use of Cookies and other technology and any personally identifiable information you may choose to give in registering and transacting with such website. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, please click on the following link: www.networkadvertising.org. Although we choose our business partners and clients carefully, Commission Junction is not responsible for the privacy practices of such third parties. You should check the applicable privacy policies of such third parties to determine how they handle any information they collect from you.You will have the option of blocking the use of Cookies by changing a setting in your Internet browser. Please see your browser supplier's Web site for details on how to do this. In order to opt-out of CJ tracking you can delete cookies stored in your browser under the emjcd.com, kdukvh.com, qksrv.net, commission-junction.com, pkracv.com, and apmebf.com domains.

DATA PROCESSING/SAFE HARBORThe European Union ("EU") maintains strict privacy laws. These rules differ significantly from the laws of the United States of America ("U.S."). To reconcile these differences, the U.S and the EU have created a safe harbor that defines mutually acceptable privacy operations ("U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework"). The U.S. and Switzerland have created a similar safe harbor (“U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework”). For more information see www.export.gov/safeharbor.

Commission Junction complies with the U.S.-EU and U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Frameworks as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland. We have certified that we adhere to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view the company's certification, please visit http://www.export.gov/safeharbor.

In compliance with the U.S.-EU and U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Privacy Principles, Commission Junction, Inc. commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information. European Union or Swiss citizens with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact Commission Junction, Inc. at cjprivacy@cj.com.

Commission Junction, Inc. has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the U.S.-EU and U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Privacy Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR, operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed by Commission Junction, Inc. please visit the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR website at www.bbb.org/us/safe-harbor-complaints for more information and to file a complaint.


Security
Commission Junction employs appropriate measures to ensure the security of all Information, and we routinely evaluate our practices to identify security threats or opportunities for the improvement of our services. No transmission of information is guaranteed to be completely secure. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors may compromise data security. You acknowledge and agree to assume this risk when communicating with us.As the standards governing Internet privacy continue to evolve, Commission Junction may find it appropriate or necessary to update this Privacy Policy from time to time. As a result, we reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time and shall post such changes on the Website. Our Website will state the date the Privacy Policy was last updated. We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you use this Website to make sure you understand how your information will be used.Children's Privacy
Commission Junction is very sensitive to the issue of the privacy rights of children. Commission Junction Websites and services generally are neither developed for, nor directed at, children.

Your Representations
YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT ANY DISPUTE OVER PRIVACY IS SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND APPLICABLE SITE TERMS AND CONDITIONS. You also agree that you have provided notice to, and obtained consent from, any third party individuals whose Information you supply to us with regard to: (a) the purposes for which such third party's Information has been collected; (b) the intended recipients or categories of recipients of the third party's Information; (c) which of the third party's data are obligatory and which data, if any, are voluntary; and (d) how the third party can access and, if necessary, rectify the data held about him/her. It is the express wish of the parties that the Privacy Policy and all related documents have been drawn up in the English language and that the English version of this Privacy Policy shall be the sole version used in interpreting and enforcing this Privacy Policy. C'est la volonté expresse des parties que la présente convention ainsi que les documents qui s'y rattachent soient rédigés en anglais.Daily Kos : Privacy
You are free to peruse our website anonymously and we will collect no personal information from you unless you choose to provide that information to us. We do, however, collect non-personally identifiable IP addresses and web site usage information when you visit Kos Media's websites! stuff

If you choose to provide your personal information by creating an account, purchasing a subscription, sending us an email, or filling out a contact form and submitting it through our website, you may receive emails from Kos Media, LLC related to Kos Media websites.

If you signed up for our email list you will receive email updates from Daily Kos. You can unsubscribe from our email list at any time. If you participate in a joint action with a partnering organization you may receive email updates from the partner as well. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of our partners so we encourage you to read their privacy policies.We use cookies to allow you to quickly navigate and use all of the functionality of the site. Cookies are also used to serve targeted ads on www.dailykos.com and other sites on our behalf and some of our partners. You may also receive cookies and web beacons from third party network advertisers. They do not collect any personally identifiable information. This privacy policy applies only to Kos Media, LLC and doesn't apply to third parties. For more info on how third parties collect and use this information, you can go here:
http://www.google.com/...
https://www.valueclickmedia.com/...

You can visit Google's Ads Preference Manager to opt out of Google's use of cookies. You can also visit Network Advertising Initiatives opt-out page to opt out of other third parties' use of cookies.Our websites may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that Kos Media, LLC is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and we encourage you to read their privacy policies before sharing your personal information.Daily Kos merchandise is sold and shipped by Blue Collar Distribution. You can read their return policy here:
http://www.bluecollardistro.com/...

Donations to Daily Kos are not tax-deductible. Daily Kos does not provide any goods or services in return for donations.

Facebook/Twitter: Daily Kos allows users to connect their Facebook and Twitter logins with their Daily Kos logins. In doing so, we are only accessing Facebook's and Twitter's API to verify you are whom you say you are. We do not have access or store any private information.Subscriptions can be canceled at anytime and you can manage your subscription from the user profile page. No refunds are given for canceled subscriptions, but any time remaining will be honored. If you're banned from posting or commenting on Daily Kos, your subscription will still be honored, but the no refund policy still applies even for lifetime subscribers. So be good!

Kos Media, LLC reserves the right to update our privacy policy at any time.TED encourages our community to discover and share ideas with one another. While gathering information about the people who use the site is an important part of the TED.com experience, we take your privacy very seriously, and make every effort to safeguard your personal data. This privacy policy is intended to inform you of what information we collect, how this information is used, and what steps we take to protect this information. If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy and protections, please contact us.We collect two kinds of information:

Personal information that you directly provide to us, which includes information you supply when you register an account with us,
Automatically collected, non-personal information, which includes tracking information gathered as you use TED.com.
We may use this information to help customize your TED.com experience based on your previous activities on TED.com.

Information you provide directly to us:
When you register an account on TED.com, we ask you to provide a unique email address, first and last name, and password. You have the option of also providing profile information (such as location, occupation and your personal story). You may also choose to directly send us information such as email correspondence or search queries.

You may choose to create a TED.com account using the Facebook Connect feature on TED.com. By doing this, you are asking Facebook to send us certain information from your Facebook profile, and you authorize us to collect, store and use in accordance with this privacy policy any and all information available to us through the Facebook interface.

Billing and credit card information:
When required for TED Conference registration or other services, we may request and store name, address, telephone number, email address and billing information. We do not store credit card numbers except for the last 4 digits. This information will only be shared with third parties who perform tasks required to complete the purchase transaction.

Comments, conversations and other public activities:
We offer you opportunities to engage in public activities on TED.com. "Public activities" are any actions you take that are designed to be visible to other users, including comments, conversations, recommendations and ratings. If you choose to engage in public activities, you should be aware that any personal information you submit there can be read, collected or used by other users of these areas, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages.

We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums, and we have no responsibility to publish, remove or edit any of your comments, conversations or other content. For more information, see the TED.com Terms of Use.

When you share or recommend any TED.com content using your Facebook profile, your action is governed by Facebook's privacy policy. Likewise, when you share or recommend any TED.com content through other social media outlets, your actions are governed by their privacy policies.

Information gathered automatically:
We use various technologies to manage TED.com and track use of the content we provide, including:
the IP address used when registering and submitting content to the site
standard web analytics information
aggregated data about email click-through rates and video viewing
information collected through HTML cookies, Flash cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies.
Non-personal information that we collect using these technologies may be combined with information you provide directly to us.


Device information:
We may collect non-personal information about the computer, mobile device or other device you use to access TED services, such as IP address, geolocation information, unique device identifiers, browser type, browser language and other transactional information.

This information may be used to offer you optimized TED.com experiences based on your device or location.Providing requested services:
We may use the information that we collect to fulfill your requests for services and information. For example, we may use your contact information to respond to your customer service requests, or to enable registration for one of our conferences.

E-mail and newsletters:
If you signed up for one of our email newsletters, we will send you the newsletter that you requested. We may also use the information that we collect to send you other e-mail communications, such as information about your account, changes to the site, or information about our conferences and events (if you have opted in for this information.)

Statistical analysis:
We perform statistical analyses of users of the site, and their viewing and participation patterns, for product development purposes and to generally inform advertisers about the nature of our audience. Please note that we do not share contact information with our advertisers.

Third parties:
We may employ third parties to perform site-related services, including database management, maintenance services, analytics, marketing, billing and email distribution. These third parties have access to your information only to perform these tasks on our behalf.

Enforcement:
We may use the information that we collect to prevent illegal activities, to enforce the TED.com Terms of Use, or as otherwise required by law.
In addition to the uses identified above, we may use the information that we collect for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent.

Please note that third parties may independently collect data about you, including your IP address and information about the websites you visit and the links you click, through cookies, clicks on links, or other means when you visit or view ads on the site. We do not control the privacy practices of these third-party services.To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place commercially reasonable physical, technical and administrative controls to protect your information. Please note that no method of transmission over the internet is 100% secure.

Children under the age of 13:
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If we learn that we have collected any personal information from a child under the age of 13 without verifiable parental consent, we will delete that information from our database as quickly as possible. If you believe that we may have collected information from a child under 13, please contact us.

Changes to this privacy policy:
This privacy policy may be amended from time to time. Any such changes will be posted on this page. We will notify you of any significant or material changes in the way we treat your information by placing a prominent notice on our site or sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account.

Deleting your account:
You can request that your account be deleted at any time by contacting us. When your account is deleted, your user profile and all public activities (comments, conversation topics) will be removed. To unsubscribe from our newsletters, click on the link at the bottom of a newsletter you have received, or you can manage your subscriptions from your TED.com profile.Privacy PolicyPLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING CAREFULLY

GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE POLICY OF THIS WEBSITE IN ITS COLLECTION, PROTECTION, USE AND DISCLOSURE OF THE PERSONAL INFORMATION GATHERED ON THIS SITE. IF YOU ARE UNDER 18 YEARS OF AGE, PLEASE BE SURE TO READ THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT WITH YOUR PARENTS OR GUARDIAN AND ASK THEM QUESTIONS ABOUT WHAT YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND.

This website, Pearsoned.com (the “Site”), is owned and operated by Pearson Education, Inc.. (“Pearson”). Pearson recognizes the importance of explaining our privacy policies to users of our Site and protecting the privacy of Personally Identifiable Information we obtain through the site. Please note that this Privacy Statement may be revised by Pearson from time to time, particularly to address changes in our business, the law or technology. If that happens, we will post the revised policy here. Revisions are effective upon posting and your continued use of this Site after the posting will be subject to the changed terms of the revisions.Links from this site can take you to the sites of several divisions of Pearson — SCHOOL, HIGHER ED, PROFESSIONAL, GLOBAL — as well as to third party websites or resources. The information practices of third party websites are not covered by this Privacy Statement or any other policies or terms of this Site. The sites of each of our divisions may also have a different privacy policy and terms of use. Be sure that you know the terms of use and privacy policy of any linked website before using it.We consider the following to be examples of Personally Identifiable Information but there may be others: your first and last name, email address, home address, phone number, date of birth, credit card information, and certain other information, such as a Social Security Number, if it is linked with your Personally Identifiable Information. We strongly recommend that you not use your Social Security Number or any other important ID as a user ID or password for this Site or others.

Pearson Education does not collect Personally Identifiable Information about a user, unless it is voluntarily provided to our Company and so that we can serve the user's needs and our legitimate business purposes as stated here. For example, when the user sends us a message or makes an online purchase, we need to retain certain Personally Identifiable Information on this Site in order to respond. A user's Personally Identifiable Information may also be used by our company to help us improve this Site, and for our company's marketing and promotional purposes. The information will be treated confidentially within our company, as we protect other confidential information. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features.Users should be reminded that any Personally Identifiable Information that is voluntarily posted by a user to a public area of a Pearson Education Web site (for example, a posting to a bulletin board or chat room) might be collected and used by others. We cannot prevent such uses.Except as specifically stated in this statement, our policy is not to share the Personally Identifiable Information collected through this Site with third parties, but we may share this Personally Identifiable Information with affiliates of Pearson, and other companies and organizations who perform work for us under contract or sell products or services that complement our products and services. We also may disclose Personally Identifiable Information (a) in response to a subpoena, court order or legal process, to the extent permitted and required by law; (b) to protect user security or the security of other persons, consistent with applicable laws; (c) in connection with a sale, joint venture or other transfer to some or all of Pearson or the assets of Pearson; or (d) in order to enforce the Site's Terms of Use. We exercise commercially reasonable care otherwise not to share, disclose or sell the Personally Identifiable Information of users to third-parties, except with the prior approval of the user.

Pearson may use a third party service to collect anonymous visitor information like IP addresses, browser types (such as Internet Explorer or Netscape), referring pages, pages visited and time spent on a particular site. Pearson collects this information (1) for statistical analysis of web page traffic patterns; (2) to administer our Site and servers; (3) to allow for auditing of our services by some third parties who have that right; and (4) for internal purposes to make marketing decisions.

For “course management sites” that provide materials and services to instructors and students for purposes of specific courses or testing, the site may display the names, email addresses, grades and log-in names in instructor grade books and make them available to school administrators. Instructors can use student email addresses for communication with students regarding the course and administrators may store personal data generated by the course site tools for the purpose of maintaining educational records or other legitimate educational purposes.PARENTS AND TEACHERS: We encourage parents, guardians and teachers to spend time with their Children (Children 12 and under) when their Children engage in the on-line activities on this Site. We will never request Personally Identifiable Information from a Child in any of our public postings areas. We do not require a Child to disclose more Personally Identifiable Information, than is reasonably necessary to participate in the on-line activity. .No Personally Identifiable Information of children should be submitted to or posted on this Site by Children without the consent of their parent or guardian. We encourage parents to help us protect their Children's privacy by instructing them never to provide Personally Identifiable Information on this Site or any other website without parental permission.

CHILDREN: Please do not give your full name, email address, home address, telephone number or any other Personally Identifiable Information that would enable someone to contact you either on-line or off-line, without first asking your parent or guardian and teacher for permission.

We do not knowingly collect Personally Identifiable Information from Children on this Site either directly or passively except when a Child may voluntarily submit such information through a “Contact Us” link on the Site or a public posting area on the Site, if such feature is available. If a Child e-mails us via a “Contact Us” link on any child-directed area of this Site and we can identify the sender as a Child, any Personally Identifiable Information submitted will only be used to respond on a one-time basis to such Child. In addition, if we have actual knowledge that a Child is sending or posting Personally Identifiable Information on any area of this Site, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to delete such Personally Identifiable Information before it is made public. Please note that any online store that may be accessed from the Site is intended for parents, teachers and other adult purchasers over the age of 18 and requires the submission of Personally Identifiable Information to fulfill and service any transactions.

We may disclose a Child's Personally Identifiable Information if we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property, other users, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. We may also disclose a Child's Personally Identifiable Information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it.Our Site uses “cookies” to obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses the Site, Cookies are textual identifiers that our systems transfer to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our Site to recognize your browser, and to optimize and sometimes custimize your use of our Site. If you want to disable cookies, you can. The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers and “add-on” programs will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. It is your choice, but cookies allow you to take full advantage of this Site's features, and we recommend that you leave them turned on.

We do not use cookies to get users' Personally Identifiable Information before a user registers with our Site and affirmatively opts-in. Once a user opts-in and and provides personal information for purposes of receiving more information from us, we do collect and use that information obtained through the cookie technology for purposes of marketing to you, in accordance with this policy. If you do not want to receive e-mail or other marketing communications from us, you can opt out of further marketing to the addresses you have provided.

In connection with cookies we may use web beacons to track response rates to certain email communications that a user has opted to receive from us. If a user has registered with our Site, we may collect certain personal information in connection with the web beacon including the referring email address. This information is not shared with third parties.

Pearson reserves the right to monitor your use of the site to determine if you are complying with our terms and the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate your access to the Site.If you have any concerns or questions about privacy on this Site, please Contact Us.

(Revised -June, 2007)

Pearson Education, Inc., One Lake Street, Upper Saddle River, New Jersey 07458.Our Commitment to Privacy
Updated November 20, 2009

Our Commitment to Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.When you request information, order a product or service, register using one of our forms, donate, or contact us offline, we may need your specific information in order to process your registration/request and reply promptly.

We may ask you for contact information (such as your name, email and address) and demographic information (such as your zip code or age). We also collect demographic and profile data at our site and in our databases. We ask for health-related data to help us help you through our information, our programs and our services. We use data you provide to tailor your experience at ADA and develop and distribute content that we think you might be interested in.

In general, we use identifiable information to complete a transaction, as indicated below. Part of our mission is to improve the lives of all people affected by diabetes, and we do that by providing appropriate health information. We do not provide your name and address or email to outside parties, except as described here. To learn more about our encryption policies, please review the section on "Protecting Personal Information" (below).This site may provide links to other World Wide Web sites or resources. You acknowledge and agree that the American Diabetes Association has no control over such sites and resources and is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any Materials, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites or resources. You further acknowledge and agree that the American Diabetes Association shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such Materials or goods available on or through any such site or resource.We monitor customer traffic patterns and site usage to help us develop the design and layout of the American Diabetes Association Web site. We may also use the information we collect to occasionally notify you about important changes to the Web sites, new services or features offered by the American Diabetes Association, and special offers and information we think you will find valuable. If you would rather not receive this information, please contact us through one of the channels identified in "How to Correct or Update Information" (below).

Google Analytics is used to analyze traffic to this Web site. Google Analytics does not maintain individual profiles for visitors, nor does Google Analytics collect data that might identify the individual visitor. Google Analytics only collects aggregate data. Click here for more information about the Google Analytics privacy policy.When you place orders or access your account information, we use a secure server. This secure server software, SSL (Secure Sockets Layer), encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. Furthermore, all of the customer transactional data we collect is protected against unauthorized access with the use of digital certificates. Digital certificates for the American Diabetes Association are issued by VeriSign, one of the most established signers of digital certificates.We collect standard information, by way of a cookie, to help us evaluate how our sites are being used. A cookie is a small uniquely identifiable text file that is stored on your machine. A cookie collects information that is used for statistical purposes and does not identify you in any way.

Our sites use cookies to keep track of your shopping cart and to make sure you don't see the same content repeatedly. We use cookies to deliver information specific to your interests and to save your password so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit our site.
Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can change your browser settings to prevent that. Even without accepting cookies, you can still use most of the features throughout the American Diabetes Association Web sites.

ADA Policies Regarding Disclosure of Personal Information
ADA, like many other non-profit organizations, occasionally makes available only our contributor names and postal addresses to companies, predominantly other non-profit organizations. In addition, member and donor names are provided to a credit card vendor as part of our affinity program. Names of Tour de Cure® participants may be provided to local bike shops. These practices help us reduce costs of reaching more individuals with our diabetes-related information. These companies are carefully screened.

Names/addresses are provided on a one-time basis; therefore, these companies will not have continued access to your name and address unless you respond to them directly, which you are free to do or not to do.
You can request that we do not share your information by emailing us at privacy@diabetes.org. (If you use more than one email address , postal address or telephone number, please identify each one.)
The American Diabetes Association may provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns, and related site information to reputable third-party vendors, but these statistics will include no personal identifying information.Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. We adhere to the 1998 Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). (For more information, visit the Federal Trade Commission's COPPA site.

Special Considerations for Parents and Legal Guardians Regarding Planet D and Diabetes CampMessage Boards

Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. Children under age 13 are prohibited from entering the diabetes.org Message Board area.

PlanetD Message Boards: PlanetD is designed to be a safe place for children and youth to exchange messages. No personally identifiable information is collected during the PlanetD Message Board registration process.

Diabetes Camp Message Boards: Access to the Diabetes Camp Message Boards is controlled; only children and youth who have attended an ADA sponsored, supported, or affiliated Diabetes Camp are provided access. To ensure authentication, personally identifiable information (first name, last name, and a child's email address) are collected, along with the email address of a parent or legal guardian. This information is collected only for authentication purposes, and is securely stored, and never used for another purpose, and never shared with third-parties. It is our recommendation that children, especially children under 13, have an email account that is connected to their parent or guardian, so that the parent or guardian is notified about the child's email activity.

Parents and legal guardians are encouraged to contact the American Diabetes. Association at any time regarding privacy questions or concern. Parents and legal guardians may also contact us at any time to request that we delete a child's PlanetD-ID and/or CampDiabetes Message Board registration information and/or refuse to permit further access to the PlanetD and CampDiabetes Message Boards . We will take steps to ensure that any person contacting us for a child's information is that child's parent or guardian.

American Diabetes Association
1701 N, Beauregard Street
Alexandria, VA 22311
ATTN: Customer Service Center

Phone: (703) 549-1500
Email: privacy@diabetes.orgADA does not send unsolicited commercial email to individuals with whom they do not have consent/permission or a pre-existing or current business relationship.
ADA provides all email recipients with a clear, easy and effective method to unsubscribe to any and all online communications.Here are the options for changing and modifying information previously provided.

Email privacy@diabetes.org or send a letter to:
American Diabetes Association
1701 N. Beauregard Street
Alexandria , VA 22311
ATTN: Customer Service CenterThe American Diabetes Association welcomes your questions and comments about this privacy statement, about the practices of the ADA, and about your dealings with this Web site. Please send email to privacy@diabetes.org, or write to:

American Diabetes Association
1701 N. Beauregard Street
Alexandria, VA 22311
ATTN: Internet Strategy & OperationsThis privacy statement discloses our purposes and methods for online collection and use of information on AVForums.com.Generally, personal information is not collected from visitors to AVForums. However, in order to access certain special services, personal information is requested; those cases are described in more detail below.AVForums requires a valid e-mail address for users who want to register an account. This provides us with a verifiable point of contact should legal questions arise in regard to content any visitor creates. At any time, you have the ability to keep your e-mail address hidden from other users by selecting that option within your user profile.

Also in the registration process, you have the option of providing some additional information such as occupation, interests, and homepage URL. This information is made available to other forum users to foster a sense of community. If you have any concerns about providing this information, simply leave the fields blank and your registration will still be processed.Certain activities on AVForums involve the use of "cookies" to facilitate your experience. This includes the ability to automatically log you into the website and show you the new forum discussions since your last visit. You have the option to turn these cookies off at any time by updating your browser settings. If your browser doesn't support cookies, or if you have cookies turned off, these preferences will not be set.
We also use a cookie which collects anonymous traffic data about how people use AVForums. This information helps us to improve the website and does not affect anyone's browsing experience or their privacy.AVForums does not disclose your personally identifying information to any third parties for any purpose without your prior consent unless required by law to do so. All reasonable care is taken by staff handling personal information to ensure its security both offline and online. It is our policy to destroy server access and personal information provided during the technical support process upon completion of the technical support incident.

It's also important to be aware that when you voluntarily provide personal information (e.g., last name, address, phone number) in a posting on the forum, that information is publicly available and may be used by someone in a manner unintended by you. For that reason, we discourage the offering of any personally identifying information within the message board itself.Although AVForums is generally targeted at an adult audience, we welcome the participation of younger users with their parents' consent. We strongly recommend that users under 18 years of age refrain from offering any personal information either in their user profile or in the forums themselves, and we encourage parents to stay involved in the online life of their children.AVForums operates a zero tolerance policy toward online bullying. If any member has a concern about any message they see on the website, they can report that content and our moderating team will investigate. We expect members of our community to treat each other with respect. The rules for using AVForums can be found here.AVForums complies fully with the UK data protection act. The personal data we store about our members (limited to their email address and date of birth in most cases) is used only for internal purposes and therefore we are not obliged to notify the Information Commissioner's Office.If members wish to update or change their profile on AVForums, they may click here.

If you have questions regarding your information, please contact us.

Published: Sep 17, 2013Lowe's respects your concerns about privacy. This Privacy Statement applies to personal information we collect on Lowes.com and other official Lowe's sites (including mobile sites) that link to this Privacy Statement, the Lowe's Career Website hosted on brassring.com, official Lowe's survey forms and sweepstakes entry forms on third-party sites and applications that link to this Privacy Statement, official Lowe's mobile applications that link to this Privacy Statement (the "Mobile Applications"), and from use of the in-store Wi-Fi network (the "Store Wi-Fi") (collectively, the "Site"). The credit-related areas of the Site are covered by different privacy notices that appear on the credit application pages or that you receive in connection with your credit accounts, as applicable; the term "Site" does not refer to these areas. The term "Site" also does not refer to the Weekly Ads pages at lowes.shoplocal.com, the Iris Smart Home website www.irissmarthome.com or the login page for that website on Lowes.com. In some cases, a website or online service covered by this Privacy Statement may provide additional detail about privacy practices specific to the website or online service.

This Privacy Statement describes the types of personal information we collect on the Site, how we may use that information and with whom we may share it. The Privacy Statement also describes the measures we take to protect the security of the personal information. We also tell you how you can reach us to ask us to update your preferences regarding how we communicate with you or answer any questions you may have about our privacy practices.You may choose to provide us with personal information (such as name, contact details and payment information), such as:

Contact information, such as your name, address, telephone number, and email address, and your title or occupation.
Login and access credentials (such as username and password) for Lowe's accounts.
Payment information, such as your payment card number and expiration date.
Date of birth.
The geolocation of your device (such as if you opt to use the "Find Near Me" feature of the mobile-optimized portion of our websites or our Mobile Applications).
The unique ID number associated with certain Lowe's accounts.
Certain information about your Lowe's purchases returns or exchanges.
Personal information in communications and other content you submit, such as photographs, product information and details about your projects and property.
Social media IDs, such as for Facebook or Twitter
Personal information you submit in your capacity as an independent contractor of Lowe's, such as gender, ethnicity and identification numbers such as your NRDS ID number.
Personal information you submit in connection with a job application on the Career Website, such as your name, contact information, Social Security Number, date of birth, employment status, employment history, education information, references, résumé, immigration status and ability to work legally in the United States, driver license information, personal or family employment affiliation with Lowe's, criminal record, and, on a voluntary basis for our Equal Employment Opportunity compliance purposes for jobs located in the US, gender, race and ethnic background.
When you use our Site, we may collect certain information by automated means, using technologies such as cookies, Web server logs, Web beacons and JavaScript.

Cookies are files that websites send to your computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify your browser or to store information or settings on your device. Our Site may use HTTP cookies, HTML5 cookies, Flash cookies and other types of local storage (such as browser-based or plugin-based local storage). Your browser may tell you how to be notified when you receive certain types of cookies and how to restrict or disable certain cookies. You also may be able to delete your Flash cookies or adjust your Flash cookie settings by visiting the Adobe Flash Website Storage Settings Panel and Global Storage Settings Panel. Please note, however, that without cookies you may not be able to use all of the features of our Site or other websites and online services.

In conjunction with the gathering of information through cookies, our Web servers may log information such as your device type, operating system type, browser type, domain, and other system settings, as well as the language your system uses and the country and time zone where your device is located. The Web server logs also may record information such as the address of the Web page that referred you to our Site and the IP address of the device you use to connect to the Internet. They also may log information about your interaction with this Site, such as which pages you visit. To control which Web servers collect information by automated means, we may place tags on our Web pages called "Web beacons," which are small files that link Web pages to particular Web servers and their cookies. We also may send instructions to your device using JavaScript or other computer languages to gather the sorts of information described above and other details your interactions with the Site.

We may use third-party Web analytics services on our Site, such as those of Google Analytics. These service providers use the technology described above to help us analyze how users use the Site. The information collected by the technology (including your IP address) will be disclosed to these service providers, who use the information to evaluate your use of the Site. To learn about opting out of Google Analytics, please click here.

We may use the information collected through automated means to provide a better tailored shopping experience and for market research, data analytics and system administration purposes, such as to determine whether you've visited us before or are new to the Site, and for compliance with our legal obligations, policies and procedures. We also may use this information to target custom content and ads to you on this and other websites, including as described in the Interest-Based Advertising section below.

If you elect to install the Mobile Applications, the information we collect may include the following:
Your geographic location, including within a Lowe's store and the surrounding area.
Information about your use of the Mobile Applications.
The type of device you use and its operating system.
Identification details of your device (e.g., unique device identifier).
IP address.
Your use of mobile coupons in a Lowe's transaction.
This information will allow push notifications and other targeted marketing designed specifically for your shopping preferences such as special offers based upon areas in which you may be shopping in the store, and shopping lists with specific items located for your convenience when you are shopping a particular store, as well as for other in-store mapping and routing services. It also may be used for the other purposes specified in this Privacy Statement.

If you elect to use the free Store Wi-Fi available at Lowe's stores, we will collect information such as the following:
The URLs and content of the pages you visit on any website (e.g., on yahoo.com or Lowes.com) using your mobile device, and, on some websites, information you submit through online forms.
The apps on your mobile device that use the Store Wi-Fi.
Your geographic locations within a Lowe's store and the surrounding area within the range of the Store Wi-Fi.
How long you use the Store Wi-Fi at particular locations.
The type of device you use and its operating system.
Identification details of your device (e.g., unique device identifier and MAC address).
Browser information and IP address.
The address of the store where you use the Store Wi-Fi.
This information will allow targeted marketing designed specifically for your shopping preferences such as specific coupons based upon the sites and pages you visited, special offers based upon areas in which you may be shopping in the store, including competitive offers based upon other websites that you may be viewing, shopping lists with specific items located for your convenience when you are shopping a particular store, as well as for other in-store mapping and routing services. It also may be used for the other purposes specified in this Privacy Statement.

Data about your activities online is being collected on our Site for use in providing advertising tailored to your individual interests. You may choose whether or not to have your information collected for that purpose. This section of the Privacy Statement provides details and explains how to exercise that choice.

You may see certain ads on other websites because we participate in advertising networks administered by third parties. These networks track your online activities over time by collecting information through automated means, including through the use of the technologies described in the Information We Collect By Automated Means section above, and they use this information to show you advertisements that are tailored to your individual interests. The information they collect includes information about your visits to our Site, such as the pages you have viewed. This collection and ad targeting takes place both on our Site and on third-party websites that participate in the ad network, such as sites that feature advertisements delivered by the ad network. This process also helps us track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts.

To learn more about ad networks, including how to opt out, click here.

We may use the information we collect through the Site to:
Provide, administer and communicate with you about products, services, events and promotions (including by sending you newsletters, coupons and other marketing communications).
Process, record and track your purchases, payments and rebates.
Process, evaluate and respond to your requests, inquiries and applications.
Manage our customer information databases.
Operate registrations, including on MyLowe's and Lowes.com.
Administer contests, sweepstakes and surveys.
Create, administer and communicate with you about your accounts.
Customize your experience with our Site.
Provide you with in-store navigation and mapping services.
Allow you to find locations near you.
With respect to personal information we collect through our Career Website, evaluate your application for employment and contact you regarding possible employment.
Operate, evaluate and improve our business (including developing new products and services; managing our communications; performing market research, data analytics and data appends; determining and managing the effectiveness of our advertising and marketing; analyzing our products, services and Site; administering our Site; and performing accounting, auditing, billing, reconciliation and collection activities).
Protect against and prevent fraud, unauthorized transactions, claims and other liabilities, and manage risk exposure and quality.
Comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, industry standards and our policies and terms, such as our Terms and Conditions of Use.
We also may use the information in other ways for which we provide notice at the time of the collection.

We may share personal information we collect on the Site with certain service providers, some of whom may use the information for their own purposes. For example, (i) our websites may feature live chat functionality, and the information gathered in the chat feature may be collected by or shared with a provider such as LivePerson, whose privacy policies are available at www.liveperson.com/policies/privacy, (ii) information you submit on our Site in connection with a product review may be collected by or shared with a product review company such as Bazaarvoice, whose privacy policy is at www.bazaarvoice.com/privacy-policy and who may publish the information in locations not affiliated with Lowe's, such as the website of the manufacturer of the product you review, and (iii) information submitted on our Careers Website is collected by or shared with the Careers Website provider, Kenexa, whose Privacy Policy is at www.kenexa.com/privacypolicy. We also may share your information among our affiliates, joint marketing partners and companies that fulfill orders placed with us, who may send you marketing information. In addition, we may share personal information we collect on the Site at your request.

We may disclose information about you (i) if we are required to do so by law, regulation or legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; (ii) in response to requests by government agencies, such as law enforcement authorities; or (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical, financial or other harm, injury or loss; (iv) in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual unlawful activity; or (v) to assist in collecting debt owed by you.

We reserve the right to transfer personal information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (including, without limitation, in the event of a reorganization, dissolution or liquidation). Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to direct the transferee to use personal information you have provided to us in a manner that is consistent with our Privacy Statement.

Where applicable, you may amend your preferences regarding how we communicate with you by updating your profile within your Lowe's authenticated account, using the settings pages on certain websites or contacting us as described in the How to Contact Us section below.
To be removed from all of Lowe's official email, telephone and postal mail marketing, choose one of the following options: email customercare@lowes.com and type "REMOVE FROM ALL MARKETING" in the subject line; call 1-800-44-LOWES; or send your request by mail to:
Lowe's Customer Care – CON8
P.O. Box 1111
North Wilkesboro, NC 28659
For any of these options, please include your name, address, phone number and email address in the request, and let us know how you provided us with the information.

You may access the profile page of certain accounts you maintain on our Site to modify certain personal information associated with your profile and indicate certain communications preferences.

Where applicable, you may amend your preferences regarding how we communicate with you through email by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link in an email you receive from us, by updating certain subscriptions within certain Lowe's authenticated accounts, within settings pages or by contacting us as described in the How to Contact Us section below. To stop receiving newsletters from Lowes.com, you also may email customercare@lowes.com with the phrase "REMOVE FROM NEWSLETTER LIST" in the subject line, and we will apply your preference to the email address from which you send us the request.

To exercise your preferences regarding the collection of data for targeted advertising, please follow the directions in the Interest-Based Advertising section above.

To stop the collection of information via Store Wi-Fi, disconnect from the Store Wi-Fi network. Please note that disconnecting from the Store Wi-Fi network will not prevent you from taking advantage of our Mobile Applications' collection of your location. To deactivate that collection of information, follow the instructions in the Mobile Applications section below.

To stop collection of information by the Mobile Applications, delete the applications from your device. To stop only the collection of information from the geolocation services available on your device (such as your device's GPS functionality), use your device's settings to deactivate the Mobile Applications' access to those services. Please note that deactivating this access will not prevent you from taking advantage of our Store Wi-Fi's collection of your location. To deactivate that collection of information, follow the instructions in the Store Wi-Fi section above.

To exercise a choice under a prior version of this statement, contact us as described in the How to Contact Us section below.

Subject to certain limitations under California Civil Code § 1798.83, if you are a California resident, you may ask us to provide you with (i) a list of certain categories of personal information that we have disclosed to certain third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year and (ii) the identity of certain third parties that received personal information from us for their direct marketing purposes during that calendar year. To make such a request, please contact us as follows:
Lowe's Customer Care
Attn: Privacy Team – California Marketing Choices – CON8
P.O. Box 1111
North Wilkesboro, NC 28656
1-800-445-6937

We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect the personal information you provide on our Site against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use and other unlawful forms of processing.

This Site contains links to other websites for your convenience and information. These websites may be operated by companies not affiliated with us. Linked websites, including those operated by Lowe's, may have their own privacy notices, which we strongly suggest you review if you visit them. We are not responsible for the content of any websites that we do not control, any use of those websites or the privacy practices of those websites.

This Privacy Statement may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our personal information practices or relevant laws. We will post a notice on Lowes.com and certain other parts of the Site to notify you of any significant changes to our Privacy Statement and indicate at the top of the Privacy Statement when it was updated.

We participate in the Council of Better Business Bureau's BBBOnLine program. Further information about this program and its dispute resolution process is available at the Better Business Bureau's website.

If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Statement, or if you would like us to update information we have about you or your preferences, please contact us as indicated below. When you contact us about personal information we hold about you, please let us know where you provided us with the information.

Lowe's Customer Care
Attn: Privacy Team – CON8
P.O. Box 1111
North Wilkesboro, NC 28656
1-800-445-6937

customercare@lowes.comWe at POPSUGAR Inc. (“POPSUGAR,” “we,” “us,” “our”) know that our users (“you,” “your”) care about how your personal information is used and shared, and we take your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our Privacy Policy. By visiting or using the Website or Services in any manner, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy, and you hereby consent that we will collect, use, and share your information in the following ways. Any capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meaning given to them in the POPSUGAR Terms of Use found here: http://www.popsugar.com/tos.This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") that we gather when you are accessing or using our Website. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control, or to individuals that we do not employ or manage.

We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register for the Services (as that term is defined in our Terms of Use found here: http://www.popsugar.com/tos). If you are under 13, please do not attempt to register for the Services or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to us or on the Services. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at community@popsugar.com.We gather various types of Personal Information from our users, as explained more fully below. We may use this Personal Information to personalize and improve our services, to allow our users to set up a user account and profile, to contact users, to fulfill your requests for certain products and services, to analyze how users utilize the Website, and as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy. We may share certain types of Personal Information with third parties (described in this Section and in Section 7 below). We collect the following types of information:We receive and store any information you knowingly provide to us. For example, we collect Personal Information such as your name, user name, email address, and third-party account credentials (for example, your log-in credentials for Facebook or other third party sites). If you provide your third-party account credentials to us, you understand some content and/or information in those accounts (“Third Party Account Information”) may be transmitted into your account with us if you authorize such transmissions, and that Third Party Account Information transmitted to our Website is covered by this Privacy Policy. You can choose not to provide us with certain information, but then you may not be able to register with us or to take advantage of some of our features. Certain information, such as a user name and email address, are required in order to register an account on any part of the Service. We may anonymize your Personal Information so that you cannot be individually identified, and provide that information to our partners.Whenever you interact with our Website, we automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, “cookie” information, and the page you requested. “Cookies” are identifiers we transfer to your computer or mobile device that allow us to recognize your browser or mobile device and tell us how and when pages in our Website are visited and by how many people. You may be able to change the preferences on your browser or mobile device to prevent or limit your computer or device's acceptance of cookies, but this may prevent you from taking advantage of some of our Website's features. Our advertising partners, which may include advertisers, advertising agencies, and ad networks, may also transmit cookies to your computer or device, when you view or interact with one of their ads that appear on the Website. Also, if you click on a link to a third party website, such third party may also transmit cookies to you. This Privacy Policy does not cover the use of cookies by any third parties.

When we collect usage information (such as the numbers and frequency of visitors to the Website), we only use this data in aggregate form, and not in a manner that would identify you personally. For example, this aggregate data tells us how often users use parts of the Website, so that we can make the Website appealing to as many users as possible. We may also provide this aggregate information to our partners; our partners may use such information to understand how often and in what ways people use our Website, so that they, too, can provide you with an optimal experience. We never disclose aggregate information to a partner in a manner that would identify you personally.We may contact you, by email or other means; for example, we may send you promotional offers on behalf of other businesses, or communicate with you about your use of the Website. Also, we may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us. This confirmation helps us make emails more interesting and improve our service. If you do not want to receive email or other mail from us, please indicate your preference by changing your account settings accordingly, contacting us at community@popsugar.com, or by clicking the “unsubscribe” link in an email we send to you. Please note that if you do not want to receive legal notices from us, those legal notices will still govern your use of the Website, and you are responsible for reviewing such legal notices for changes. Notwithstanding anything else, certain parts or features of the Service may require you to allow us to send you email; for example, email opt-out is not permitted for accounts registered on circleofmoms.com.In some cases, your email address and other Personal Information may be provided to us by other users of the Website or Services (for example, when another user gives you a gift subscription to the Services). Our collection, use, and sharing of your Personal Information will be governed by the same practices and policies outlined this Privacy Policy, whether provided to us directly by you or by another user of the Website or Services.We neither rent nor sell your Personal Information in personally identifiable form to anyone. We share your Personal Information in personally identifiable form with third parties as described below.

Advertisers: We allow advertisers, advertising agencies, ad networks, and/or merchant partners (collectively, “Advertisers”) to collect information on our Website for the purpose of serving you with advertising tailored to your interest or choose the demographic information of users who will see their advertisements and/or promotional offers. You agree that we may provide any of the information we have collected from you in non-personally identifiable form to an Advertiser, in order for that Advertiser to select the appropriate audience for those advertisements and/or offers. For example, we might use the fact you are located in San Francisco to show you ads or offers for San Francisco businesses, but we will not tell such businesses who you are.

We may deliver a file to you through the Website (known as a “web beacon”) from an ad network. Web beacons allow ad networks to provide anonymized, aggregated auditing, research and reporting for us and for advertisers. Web beacons also enable ad networks to serve targeted advertisements to you when you visit other websites. Because your web browser must request these advertisements and web beacons from the ad network's servers, these companies can view, edit, or set their own cookies, just as if you had requested a web page from their site.

Affiliated Businesses and Third Party Websites We Do Not Control: In certain situations, businesses or third party websites we're affiliated with may sell items or provide services to you through the Website (either alone or jointly with us). You can recognize when an affiliated business is associated with such a transaction or service, and we will share your Personal Information with that affiliated business only to the extent that it is related to such transaction or service. For example, if you purchase a Voucher through the Service, we may share certain information about you with the applicable Merchant, in order to allow such Merchant to redeem that Voucher. Another such service may include the ability for you to automatically transmit Third Party Account Information to your Website profile or to automatically transmit information in your Website profile to your third party account. We have no control over the policies and practices of third party websites or businesses as to privacy or anything else, so if you choose to take part in any transaction or service relating to an affiliated website or business, please review all such business' or websites' policies.

Agents: We employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and need to share your information with them to provide products or services to you. For example, in order to customize the content you receive from our email mailing lists or advertising partners, we may share your email address or a hashed version of your email address in an aggregate collection of similar information from other users with third parties who then provide us with demographic information that is associated with the aggregate group of email addresses or hashed email addresses. Unless we tell you differently, our agents do not have any right to use the Personal Information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us.

User Profiles and Submissions: Certain user profile information, including without limitation a user's name, location, and any video or image content that such user has uploaded to the Website, may be displayed to other users to facilitate user interaction within the Website or address your request for POPSUGAR's services. Your account privacy settings allow you to limit the other users who can see the Personal Information in your user profile and/or what information in your user profile is visible to others. Any content you upload to your public user profile, along with any Personal Information or content that you voluntarily disclose online in a manner other users can view (on discussion boards, in messages and chat areas, etc.) becomes publicly available, and can be collected and used by others. Your user name may also be displayed to other users if and when you send messages or comments or upload images or videos through the Website and other users can contact you through messages and comments. Additionally, if you sign into the Website through a third party social networking site or service, your list of “friends” from that site or service may be automatically imported to the Website, and such “friends,” if they are also registered users of the Website, may be able to access certain non-public information you have entered in your Website user profile. Again, we do not control the policies and practices of any other third party site or service.

Business Transfers: We may choose to buy or sell assets. In these types of transactions, customer information is typically one of the business assets that would be transferred. Also, if we (or substantially all of our assets) are acquired, or if we go out of business, enter bankruptcy, or go through some other change of control, Personal Information would be one of the assets transferred to or acquired by a third party.

Protection of POPSUGAR and Others: We reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information that we reasonably believe is necessary to comply with law or court order; enforce or apply our conditions of use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of POPSUGAR, our employees, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.

With Your Consent: Except as set forth above, you will be notified when your Personal Information may be shared with third parties in personally identifiable form, and will be able to prevent the sharing of this information.Some of the advertisements you see on our Website or on emails we deliver to you are delivered by Advertisers who collect non-personally identifiable information about your online activities with the emails we send and/or our Website through the use of cookies, web beacons, and other technologies, in an effort to understand your interests and deliver you advertisements that are tailored to your interests. These Advertisers may include, but are not limited to, BlueKai, Brightroll, Criteo, DoubleClick, Google, MediaMath, PubMatic, Pulse360, Quantcast, and Yahoo. The use of cookies, web beacons, and other technologies by these companies is subject to the privacy policies of those third parties. These companies may offer you a way to choose not to have your information used for advertising purposes. You can find out more information by clicking on the company names listed above and following the links to each company's website.

In addition, some of these companies are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”), which offers a single location to opt out of receiving tailored ads from its member companies. To opt out of information collection by NAI member companies, or to obtain information about the technologies they use or their own privacy policies, please visit the NAI consumer opt out page located at: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp. To opt out of information collected by Quantcast, or to obtain information about the technologies they use or their own privacy policies, please visit the Quantcast consumer opt out page located at: https://www.quantcast.com/opt-out.

Please note that if you choose to opt out of having your information used to deliver advertisements tailored to your interests or demographic, you will continue to see advertisements on our Website, but these advertisements may not be as relevant to you.

POPSUGAR does not have access to the information that Advertisers may collect, and the information practices of our Advertisers are not covered by this Privacy Policy.

In addition, POPSUGAR works with third parties to help us track the advertisements that are delivered to you to determine the effectiveness of advertising on our Website. Third parties that use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to assist us with our traffic measurement, research and analytics include, but are not limited to, Comscore, Nielsen and DoubleClick. POPSUGAR does not share personally identifiable information with these third parties.Your account is protected by a password for your privacy and security. If you access your account via a third party site or service, you may have additional or different sign-on protections via that third party site or service. You must prevent unauthorized access to your account and Personal Information by selecting and protecting your password and/or other sign-on mechanism appropriately and limiting access to your computer or device and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account.

We follow reasonable data security practices to protect the confidentiality and security of your account and the Personal Information you provide to us. To protect your credit card number we use industry-standard Secure Socket Layer (SSL) software to protect the security of your credit card information during transmission through encryption. We believe the measures we have implemented reduce the likelihood of a security breach to a level appropriate to the type of data involved. However, we cannot guarantee complete security. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors, may compromise the security of user information at any time.

The Website may contain links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on other sites. When following a link to another site you should read that site's privacy policy.Through your account settings, you may access, and, in some cases, edit or delete the following information you've provided to us:
name and password
email address
location
user profile information, including images and videos you have uploaded

The information you can view, update, and delete may change as the Website changes. If you have any questions about viewing or updating information we have on file about you, please contact us at community@popsugar.com. Under California Civil Code Sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice identifying the categories of Personal Information which we share with our affiliates and/or third parties for marketing purposes, and providing contact information for such affiliates and/or third parties. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to community@popsugar.com.You can always opt not to disclose information to use, but keep in mind some information may be needed to register with us or to take advantage of some of our special features.
You may be able to add, update, or delete information as explained in Section 10 above. When you update information, however, we may maintain a copy of the unrevised information in our records. You may request deletion of your account by contacting us at community@popsugar.com. Please note that some information may remain in our records after your deletion of such information from your account. We may use any aggregated data derived from or incorporating your Personal Information after you update or delete it, but not in a manner that would identify you personally.We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used. If we make changes in the way we use Personal Information, we will notify you by posting an announcement on our Website, updating the Effective Date of this Privacy Policy, or sending you an email. You are bound by any changes to the Privacy Policy when you use the Website after such changes have been first posted.If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policies, please send us a detailed message to community@popsugar.com or contact us at 111 Sutter Street, San Francisco, California, 94104, ATTN: POPSUGAR Inc. We will make every effort to resolve your concerns.

Effective Date: September 25, 2013FOX Sports Digital Privacy Policy

Effective Date: November 15, 2013
Table of Contents:
1. INTRODUCTION
2. COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
3. NOTICE AND CHOICE
4. USE AND DISCLOSURE
5. SECURITY
6. USER CONTROL
7. DATA RETENTION
8. SENSITIVE INFORMATION
9. CONTACT USFox Sports Digital ("FSD"), which is operated and controlled by Fox Networks Group, Inc., has developed this Privacy Policy to describe how we collect, use and disclose information. This Privacy Policy applies to the sports-related websites, mobile sites, applications ("apps"), widgets, and other content and services that are linked to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the "FSD Sites"), including Foxsports.com, Foxsoccer.com, Speed.com, FoxDeportes.com, and SoonerSports.tv.



By providing personal information to us and using the FSD Sites, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. To see a list of our affiliated companies ("FSD Affiliates") click here.

As set forth in our Terms of Use, the FSD Sites are for a general audience, are not targeted to children, and do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age.

This Privacy Policy applies to all users, including both those who use some of the FSD Sites without being registered for a FSD Site and those who have registered for one or more FSD Site. This Privacy Policy applies to FSD's collection and use of your personal information (i.e., information that identifies a specific person, such as full name or email address). It also describes generally FSD's practices for handling non-personal information (e.g., interests, demographics and services usage).

Services Offered with Microsoft
We work with Microsoft to bring you certain features for some of the FSD Sites.  By providing information to or using the FSD Sites, you agree that we may share your information with Microsoft. Microsoft's use of your information is governed by Microsoft's Privacy Policy, which can be found here: http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=248688.FSD and our service providers collect the following information from and about you:.

Registration Information is the information you submit to register for our FSD Sites, for example to create a FSD account, post comments, receive a newsletter or mobile alert, or enter a contest or sweepstakes. Registration Information may include, for example, name, email address, gender, zip code, birthday, and phone number.

Public Information and Posts consist of comments or content that you post to the FSD Sites and the information about you that accompanies those posts or content, which may include a name, user name, comments, likes, status, profile information and picture. Public Information and Posts are always public, which means they are available to everyone and may be displayed in search results on external search engines.

Social Media Information and Content. If you access or log-in to a FSD Site through a social media service or another website, app, service or log-in ("Other Service"), or connect a FSD Site to Other Services, the information we collect may also include your user ID and/or user name associated with that Other Service, any information or content you have permitted the Other Service to share with us, such as your profile picture, email address or friends' lists, and any information you have made public in connection with that Other Service (collectively, "Social Media Information and Content"). When you access the FSD Sites through Other Services, or when you connect a FSD Site to Other Services, you are authorizing FSD to collect, store, and use any and all Social Media Information and Content in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

Site Activity Information. When you access and interact with the FSD Sites, we and our service providers may collect certain information about those visits. For example, in order to permit your connection to the FSD Sites, our servers receive and record information about your computer, device and browser, including potentially your IP address, browser type, and other software or hardware information. If you access the FSD Sites from a mobile or other device, we may collect a unique device identifier assigned to that device, geolocation data, or other transactional information for that device in order to provide the FSD Sites to it.

Cookies and other tracking technologies (such as browser cookies, pixels, beacons, and Adobe Flash technology including cookies), which are comprised of small bits of data that often include a de-identified or anonymous unique identifier, may also be used. Websites, apps, and services send this data to your browser when you first request a web page and then store the data on your computer so the website can access information when you make subsequent requests for pages from that website. These technologies may also be used to collect and store information about your usage of the FSD Sites, such as pages you have visited, search queries you have run and advertisements you have seen.

Third parties that support the FSD Sites by serving advertisements or providing services, such as allowing you to share content or tracking aggregate FSD Site usage statistics, may also use these technologies to collect similar information. FSD does not control these third-party technologies and their use is governed by the privacy policies of third parties using such technologies. For more information about third party ad networks and similar entities that use these technologies, see www.aboutads.info/consumers, and to opt-out of such ad networks' and services' advertising practices, go to www.aboutads.info/choices.

Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies, but you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated, or to block cookies altogether. Please consult the "Help" section of your browser for more information (e.g., http://windows.microsoft.com/en-US/windows-vista/Block-or-allow-cookies). Users can manage the use of Flash technologies with the Flash management tools available at Adobe's website, see http://www.adobe.com/products/flashplayer/security/privacy_policy/faq.html. Please note that by blocking any or all cookies, you may not have access to certain features, content or personalization available through the FSD Sites.

Information from Other Sources. To improve the quality of the FSD Sites, we and our service providers may supplement the information we collect with information from other sources such as publicly available information from social media services, commercially available sources and information from our FSD Affiliates or business partners.Means of Notice and Choice. This Privacy Policy and your account settings are the primary means by which FSD provides you with notice and choice regarding its collection and use of your personal information. FSD will not use your personal information in a manner that is new or unexpected without giving you a choice.

Updates to Privacy Policy. FSD may modify this Privacy Policy. Please look at the Effective Date at the top of this Privacy Policy to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the FSD Sites. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy that expand our rights to use the personal information we have already collected from you, we will notify you and provide you with a choice about our future use of that information.

Location of Data Storage. The FSD Sites are hosted in and managed from the United States. If you are a user located outside the United States, you understand and consent to having any personal information processed in the United States. United States data protection and other relevant laws may not be the same as those in your jurisdiction. This includes the use of cookies and other tracking technologies as described above. As a result, please read this Privacy Policy with care.

Linked Services. The FSD Sites may also be linked to sites operated by unaffiliated companies, and may carry advertisements or offer content, functionality, games, newsletters, contests or sweepstakes, or applications developed and maintained by unaffiliated companies. FSD is not responsible for the privacy practices of unaffiliated companies and once you leave the FSD Sites via a link, enable an unaffiliated service, or click an advertisement, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the unaffiliated service.

Collection of Personal Financial Information by a Payment Service. In some cases, we may use an unaffiliated payment service to allow you to purchase a product or make payments ("Payment Service"). If you wish to purchase a product or make a payment using a Payment Service, you will be directed to a Payment Service webpage. Any information that you provide to a Payment Service will be subject to the applicable Payment Service's privacy policy, rather than this Privacy Policy. We have no control over, and are not responsible for, any Payment Service's use of information collected through any Payment Service.We use the personal information and other information we collect from and about you for the following purposes:

To provide and manage the FSD Sites. We use the information we collect from and about you to provide the FSD Sites and features to you, including to measure and improve those FSD Sites and features, to personalize your experience with both online and off-line FSD Services by delivering relevant content, advertising and marketing messages, to allow you to comment on content, participate in online games, contests, or rewards programs, to provide you with customer support, and to respond to inquiries. We may also use aggregate or anonymous data about your use of and activity on the FSD Sites to assist us in this regard.

To allow service providers to assist us in providing and managing the FSD Sites. FSD may make your information available to certain third party service providers, such as contractors, agents or sponsors, who help us manage or provide the FSD Sites. These service providers are required to protect the personal information entrusted to them and not use it for any purpose other than the specific service they are providing to you and FSD.

To allow social sharing functionality. If you log-in with or connect your social media account with a FSD Site, we will share your social media user name, picture, and likes, as well as your activities and comments with other FSD Sites' users and with your friends associated with your social media account. We will also share the same information with your social media account provider. By logging-in with or connecting your FSD Sites account and your social media account, you are authorizing us to share information with your social media account provider, other users and your friends, and you understand that the use of the shared information will be governed by the social media site's privacy policy. If you do not want your personal information shared in this way, please do not connect your social media account with your FSD Sites account and do not participate in social sharing on the FSD Sites.

To provide co-branded services and features. We may offer co-branded services or features, such as contests, sweepstakes or other promotions together with a third party ("Co-Branded Services"). These Co-Branded Services may be hosted on FSD Services or on the third party's service. By virtue of these relationships, we may share the information you submit in connection with the Co-Branded Service with the third party. The third party's use of your information will be governed by the third party's privacy policy.

To deliver relevant advertisements. We and our service providers may use the information you provide to us, information we and our service providers collect about your use of the FSD Sites, and information that our service providers collect from your use of other websites and services through cookies and other technologies, to assist us in delivering you relevant ads when you visit the FSD Sites or Other Services. As noted above, these third party advertising networks and advertisers may use cookies and similar technologies to collect and track information such as demographic information, inferred interests, aggregated information, and activity to assist them in delivering advertising that is more relevant to your interests. To find out more about third party advertising networks and similar entities that use these technologies, see www.about ads.info, and to opt out of such advertising networks' and services' advertising practices, go to www.aboutads.info/choices.

To contact you. FSD may periodically send promotional materials (e.g., newsletters) or notifications related to the FSD Sites to the email address you provided to us at registration or for your account. If you want to stop receiving promotional materials from a FSD Site, you can change your FSD account setting, or follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email, or send an email to the applicable FSD Site email contact for "Privacy Policy matters" listed here. There are certain service notification emails that you may not opt-out of, such as notifications of changes to the FSD Sites or policies. If you have installed a mobile app and you wish to stop receiving push notifications, you can change the settings either on your mobile device or through the app.

To share with our Affiliates. FSD may share your information with FSD Affiliates for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. A link to a website that lists FSD Affiliates can be found at the beginning of this policy. Users who visit FSD Affiliates' services should still refer to their separate privacy policies, which may differ in some respects from this Privacy Policy.

To share with business partners. FSD may share your information with business partners to permit them to send you marketing communications, consistent with your choices.

To protect the rights of FSD and others. There may be instances when FSD may disclose your information without providing notice or choice, including situations where FSD has a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary in order to: (i) protect, enforce, or defend the legal rights, privacy, safety, or property of FSD, our FSD Affiliates or their employees, agents and contractors (including enforcement of our agreements and our terms of use); (ii) protect the safety, privacy, and security of users of the FSD Sites or members of the public; (iii) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes; (iv) comply with the law or legal process; or (v) respond to requests from public and government authorities.

To complete a merger or sale of assets. If FSD sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of its assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of its business, FSD may transfer your information to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction.

When the information collected from or about you does not identify you as a specific person, we may use that information for any purpose or share it with third parties. In some instances, we may combine that information with personal information, such as combining your zip code with your name. If we combine this information with personal information, the combined information will be treated by us as personal information as long as it is combined.FSD uses commercially reasonable administrative, technical, personnel and physical measures to safeguard information in its possession against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure or modification. However, no one can guarantee the complete safety of your information.If you would like to access, review, correct, update, suppress, or otherwise limit our use of your personal information you have previously provided directly to us, you may contact us using the mechanisms provided below. In your request, please include your email address, name, address, and telephone number and specify clearly what information you would like to have changed, whether you would like to have your personal information suppressed from our database, or if you have other questions about your personal information. We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable.

You may request that we not share your personal information on a going-forward basis with FSD Affiliates or unaffiliated third parties for their direct marketing purposes by sending an email to the applicable FSD Site email contact for "Disclosure Opt-out" listed here, with "Disclosure Opt-out" in the subject line and your full name, email address, postal address and specific FSD Service you have subscribed to in the body of the email. We will try to comply with your request(s) as soon as reasonably practicable.We will retain your information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law.

Remember that even after you cancel your account, copies of some information from your account may remain viewable in some circumstances where, for example, you have shared information with Other Services. We may also retain backup information related to your account on our servers for some time after cancelation for fraud detection or to comply with applicable law or our internal security policies. It is not always possible to completely remove or delete all of your information due to technical constraints, contractual, financial or legal requirements. Because of the nature of caching technology, your account may not be instantly inaccessible to others, and there may be a delay in the removal of the content from elsewhere on the Internet and from search engines.We ask that you not send us, and you not disclose, any sensitive personal information (e.g., social security numbers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, criminal background or trade union membership) on or through the FSD Sites or otherwise.If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please send an email to the applicable FSD Site email contact for "Privacy Policy matters" listed here.Privacy policy
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
For the Wikimedia Foundation's privacy policy, see privacy policy.
A privacy policy is a statement or a legal document (privacy law) that discloses some or all of the ways a party gathers, uses, discloses and manages a customer or client's data. Personal information can be anything that can be used to identify an individual, not limited to but including; name, address, date of birth, marital status, contact information, ID issue and expiry date, financial records, credit information, medical history, where one travels, and intentions to acquire goods and services.[1] In the case of a business it is often a statement that declares a party's policy on how it collects, stores, and releases personal information it collects. It informs the client what specific information is collected, and whether it is kept confidential, shared with partners, or sold to other firms or enterprises. [2]
Privacy policy is important to the modern state, because grounded in it is the individual's physical and moral autonomy. For this reason, it is worthy of constitutional protection.[3] The exact contents of a privacy policy will depend upon the applicable law and may need to address requirements across geographical boundaries and legal jurisdictions. Most countries have their own legislation and guidelines of who is covered, what information can be collected, and what it can be used for. In general, data protection laws in Europe cover the private sector as well as the public sector. Their privacy laws apply not only to government operations but also to private enterprises and commercial transactions. In North America, privacy laws (except in Quebec) apply only to the public sector, not to the private sector. However, most private sector organizations in North America have taken the initiative to develop their own privacy policies and codes of conduct.[3]
Contents:
1 History
2 Fair information practice
3 Current enforcement
4 Applicable law
4.1 US
4.2 Canada
4.3 European Union
4.4 Australia
5 Online privacy certification programs
6 Technical implementation
7 Criticism
8 References
9 Further reading
10 External linksIn 1968, the Council of Europe began to study the effects of technology on human rights, recognizing the new threats posed by computer technology that could link and transmit in ways not widely available before. As well, in 1969 the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) began to examine the implications of personal information leaving the country. All this led council to recommend that policy be developed to protect personal data held by both the private and public sectors, leading to Convention 108. In 1981, Convention for the Protection of Individuals with regard to Automatic Processing of Personal Data (Convention 108) was introduced. One of the first privacy laws ever enacted was the Swedish Data Act in 1973, followed by the West German Data Protection Act in 1977 and the French Law on Informatics, Data Banks and Freedoms in 1978.[3]
In the United States, concern over privacy policy started around the late 1960s and 1970s saw the passage of the Fair Credit Reporting Act. Although this act was not designed to be a privacy law, the act gave consumers the opportunity to examine their credit files and correct errors. It also placed restrictions on the use of information in credit records. Several congressional study groups in the late 1960s examined the growing ease with which automated personal information could be gathered and matched with other information. One such group was an advisory committee of the United States Department of Health and Human Services which in 1973 drafted a code of principles called the Fair Information Practices. The work of the advisory committee led to the Privacy Act in 1974. The United States signed the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development guidelines in 1980.[3]
In Canada, a Privacy Commissioner of Canada was established under the Canadian Human Rights Act in 1977. In 1982, the appointment of a Privacy Commissioner was part of the new Privacy Act. Canada signed the OECD guidelines in 1984.[3]
Fair information practice[edit]There are significant differences between the EU data protection and US data privacy laws. These standards must be met not only by businesses operating in the EU, but also by any organization that transfers personal information collected concerning citizen of the EU. In 2001 the United States Department of Commerce worked to ensure legal compliance for US organizations under an opt-in Safe Harbor Program.[29] The FTC has approved TRUSTe to certify streamlined compliance with the US-EU Safe Harbor.In 1995 the European Union (EU) introduced the Data Protection Directive[4] for its member states. As a result, many organizations doing business within the EU began to draft policies to comply with this Directive. In the same year the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC) published the Fair Information Principles[5] which provided a set of non-binding governing principles for the commercial use of personal information. While not mandating policy, these principles provided guidance of the developing concerns of how to draft privacy policies.
The United States does not have a specific federal regulation establishing universal implementation of privacy policies. Congress has, at times, considered comprehensive laws regulating the collection of information online, such as the Consumer Internet Privacy Enhancement Act[6] and the Online Privacy Protection Act of 2001,[7] but none have been enacted. In 2001, the FTC stated an express preference for "more law enforcement, not more laws"[8] and promoted continued focus on industry self-regulation.
In many cases, the FTC enforces the terms of privacy policies as promises made to consumers using the authority granted by Section 5 of the FTC Act which prohibits unfair or deceptive marketing practices.[9] The FTC's powers are statutorily restricted in some cases; for example, airlines are subject to the authority of the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA),[10] and cell phone carriers are subject to the authority of the Federal Communications Commission (FCC).[11]
In some cases, private parties enforce the terms of privacy policies by filing class action lawsuits, which may result in settlements or judgements. However, such lawsuits are often not an option, due to arbitration clauses in the privacy policies or other terms of service agreements.US[edit]
While no generally applicable law exists, some federal laws govern privacy policies in specific circumstances, such as:
The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA)[12] affects websites that knowingly collect information about or target at children under the age of 13.[13] Any such websites must post a privacy policy and adhere to enumerated information-sharing restrictions[14] COPPA includes a "safe harbor" provision to promote Industry self-regulation.[15]
The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act[16] requires institutions "significantly engaged"[17] in financial activities give "clear, conspicuous, and accurate statements" of their information-sharing practices. The Act also restricts use and sharing of financial information.[18]
The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) privacy rules[19] requires notice in writing of the privacy practices of health care services, and this requirement also applies if the health service is electronic.[20]
Some states have implemented more stringent regulations for privacy policies. The California Online Privacy Protection Act of 2003 - Business and Professions Code sections 22575-22579 requires "any commercial web sites or online services that collect personal information on California residents through a web site to conspicuously post a privacy policy on the site".[21] Both Nebraska and Pennsylvania have laws treating misleading statements in privacy policies published on web sites as deceptive or fraudulent business practices.[22]
Canada[edit]
Canada's federal Privacy Law applicable to the private sector is formally referred to as Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA). The purpose of the act is to establish rules to govern the collection, use and disclosure of personal information by commercial organizations. The organization is allowed to collect, disclose and use the amount of information for the purposes that a reasonable person would consider appropriate in the circumstance.[23]
The Act establishes the Privacy Commissioner of Canada as the Ombudsman for addressing any complaints that are filed against organizations. The Commissioner works to resolve problems through voluntary compliance, rather than heavy-handed enforcement. The Commissioner investigates complaints, conducts audits, promotes awareness of and undertakes research about privacy matters.[24]
European Union[edit]
There are significant differences between the EU data protection and US data privacy laws. These standards must be met not only by businesses operating in the EU, but also by any organization that transfers personal information collected concerning citizen of the EU. In 2001 the United States Department of Commerce worked to ensure legal compliance for US organizations under an opt-in Safe Harbor Program.[25] The FTC has approved TRUSTe to certify streamlined compliance with the US-EU Safe Harbor.
Australia[edit]
Main article: Privacy Act 1988
The Privacy Act 1988 provides the legal framework for privacy in Australia.[26] It includes a number of national privacy principles.[27]Online certification or "seal" programs are an example of industry self-regulation of privacy policies. Seal programs usually require implementation fair information practices as determined by the certification program and may require continued compliance monitoring. TRUSTe,[28] the first online privacy seal program, included more than 1,800 members by 2007[29] Other online seal programs include the Trust Guard Privacy Verified program,[30] eTrust,[31] and Webtrust.[32]Some websites also define their privacy policies using P3P or Internet Content Rating Association (ICRA), allowing browsers to automatically assess the level of privacy offered by the site, and allowing access only when the site's privacy practices are in line with the user's privacy settings. However, these technical solutions do not guarantee websites actually follows the claimed privacy policies. They also require users to have a minimum level of technical knowledge to configure their own browser privacy settings.[33] These automated privacy policies have not been popular either with websites or their users.[34]Many critics have attacked the efficacy and legitimacy of privacy policies found on the Internet. Concerns exist about the effectiveness of industry-regulated privacy policies. For example, a 2000 FTC report Privacy Online: Fair Information Practices in the Electronic Marketplace found that while the vast majority of website surveyed had some manner of privacy disclosure, most did not meet the standard set in the FTC Principles. In addition, many organizations reserve the express right to unilaterally change the terms of their policies. In June 2009 the EFF website TOSback began tracking such changes on 56 popular internet services, including monitoring the privacy policies of Amazon, Google and Facebook.[35]
There are also questions about whether consumers understand privacy policies and whether they help consumers make more informed decisions. A 2002 report from the Stanford Persuasive Technology Lab contended that a website's visual designs had more influence than the website's privacy policy when consumers assessed the website's credibility.[36] A 2007 study by Carnegie Mellon University claimed "when not presented with prominent privacy information..." consumers were "…likely to make purchases from the vendor with the lowest price, regardless of that site's privacy policies".[37] However, the same study contends where privacy information is clearly presented, consumers prefer retailers who better protect their privacy and may "pay a premium to purchase from more privacy protective websites". Furthermore, a 2007 study at the University of California, Berkeley found that "75% of consumers think as long as a site has a privacy policy it means it won't share data with third parties," confusing the existence of a privacy policy with extensive privacy protection.[38]
Critics also question if consumers even read privacy policies or can understand what they read. A 2001 study by the Privacy Leadership Initiative claimed only 3% of consumers read privacy policies carefully, and 64% briefly glanced at, or never read, privacy policies.[39] The average web site user once having read a privacy statement may have more uncertainty about the trustworthiness of the web site than before.[40] One possible issue is length and complexity of policies. According to a 2008 Carnegie Mellon study the average length of a privacy policy is 2,500 words and requires an average 10 minutes to read. The study cited that "Privacy policies are hard to read" and, as a result, "read infrequently".[41]Effective, November 2011
Your privacy is important to us and we have prepared this Privacy Policy to explain to you how we collect, use, and share information we obtain through your use of the Internet sites, applications and services (“Services”) that are operated by, controlled by or are affiliate with Vox Media, Inc., including without limitation SB Nation and The Verge (collectively, “we,” “us” or “our”). This Privacy Policy does not govern our use of any information you provide to us when you call us, write to us, or communicate with us in any manner other than through the Services. Because the Internet is global, information about you that we collect or that you submit may be transferred to, processed in, and held in countries (including the United States) other than the one in which you reside. By using the Services, you explicitly consent to such use of your information and agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.We automatically collect certain information to help us understand how our users use the Services (which we will refer to in this Privacy Policy collectively as “Usage Data”). For example, each time you visit the Services we may automatically collect your IP address, browser and computer type, access time, the Web page you came from, the URL you go to next, and the Web page(s) that you access during your visit.

We will use such Usage Data to diagnose problems with our servers and software, to administer the Services, and to gather demographic information. Our third-party advertising networks and servers will also provide us reports that will tell us how many ads were presented and clicked on the Services in a manner that does not identify personally any individual.You can visit the Services without telling us who you are or revealing any information by which someone could personally identify you (which we will refer to in this Privacy Policy collectively as “Personal Information”). If, however, you wish to register to become a member of the Services, you are required to provide certain Personal Information (e.g., your name and e-mail address), and we ask that you also provide a user name and password. We use your Personal Information to fulfill your requests for products and services, to improve our Services, and to contact you from time to time about us, and our products and services. You may also choose to submit additional information about yourself (for example your gender, birth date, or zip code) by which someone could not personally identify you (which we will refer to in this Privacy Policy collectively as “Non-Personal Information”). We may also collect additional information about you when you visit certain features of the Services or the pages of certain of our partners when you interact with offers and advertisements, when you contact us for support, when you log into the Services with your account, when you complete a survey, or when you enter promotions. Finally, you may choose to submit your alias, bio, email, photos or any other information that you would like to share with other users of the Services (which we will refer to in this Privacy Policy collectively as “Shared Information”).(a) Generally. Except as otherwise described in this section of our Privacy Policy, we will never share your Usage Data, Personal Information, Non-Personal Information, or Shared Information (which we will refer to in this Privacy Policy collectively as “User Information”) with any third party without your permission.
(b) Advertisers. From time to time, we may share your Usage Data and Non-Personal Information to enable third parties who serve advertisements on the Services to deliver advertisements that will be relevant to you. We will not share any such information, however, in a manner that would enable the advertiser to personally identify you.
(c) Aggregated Data. From time to time, we may share aggregated User Information with third parties. We will not share any aggregated data, however, in manner that would enable the recipient to personally identify you.
(d) Service Providers. From time to time, we may enter into relationships with third parties who provide services to us (e.g., data management and storage services or credit card processing services). In those circumstances, we disclose User Information that is necessary for such service providers to perform those services and require that they maintain the confidentiality of such User Information.
(e) Other Disclosure Scenarios. Notwithstanding anything in this Privacy Policy to the contrary, we reserve the right, and you hereby expressly authorize us, to share any User Information: (1) in response to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish, protect, or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; (2) if we believe it is necessary in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, fraud, or situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person or property; (3) if we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding significant abuse of the Services' infrastructure or the Internet in general (such as voluminous spamming, denial of service attacks, or attempts to compromise the security of information); (4) to our parent company, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control with us (in which case we will require such entities to honor this Privacy Policy); and (5) if we are acquired by or merged with another entity.If you identify any User Information as public, you are authorizing us to share such information publicly. For example, you may elect to make certain Shared Information (such as your alias, bio, email or photos) publicly available. Also, there may be areas of the Services (e.g., message boards, discussion rooms, and other online forums) in which you are able to post information that will be available to all other users of the Services. By choosing to use these areas, you understand and agree that anyone may access, use, and disclose any information that you post to those areas.We may set and access cookies on your computer. Upon your first visit to the Services, a cookie is sent to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser. A "cookie" is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer and stored on your hard drive when you visit a website. Many major Web services use cookies to provide useful features for their users. Each web site can send its own cookie to your browser. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent; however if you reject cookies, you will not be able to sign in to the Services or take full advantage of our Services.

We uses cookies for the following general purposes: (a) to track your preferences, such as the address or local zip code you enter; (b) to access your information when you sign in so we can provide you with your personalized content; (c) to display the most appropriate advertisements, based on your interests and activity on our Services; and (d) to help us improve the Services by analyzing and estimating our traffic and use of features on the Services.

We may also use "pixel tags," which are small graphic files that allow us to monitor the use of the Services. A pixel tag can collect information such as the IP address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the tag appears; the URL of the page on which the pixel tag appears; the time (and length of time) the page containing the pixel tag was viewed; the type of browser that retrieved the pixel tag; and the identification number of any cookie previously placed by that server on your computer.

We may use pixel tags, either provided by us or by our third party advertisers and ad networks, to collect information about your visit, including the pages you view, the links you click and other actions taken in connection with our sites and Services and use them in combination with our cookies to provide offers and information of interest to you.

We also may allow certain analytic services and providers of applications used on the Services (e.g., sharing buttons) to collect Non-Personally Identifiable information by placing cookies on the Services that will track certain performance of our Services, such as, web traffic, click-throughs, etc., in order to assist us and our service providers in better understanding the interests of our users and to better serve those interests.We may use other companies under agreements with us to serve advertisements when you visit and use the Services. These companies may collect and use click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over during your visits to the Services and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie, a third party web beacon and/or pixel tags to collect this information. None of them collect any personal information from your computer, such as your e-mail address. Other companies' use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies, not this one. Advertisers or other companies do not have access to our cookies.In order to serve offers and advertisements that may be interest to our users, we may display targeted advertisements on the Services based on Personal Information provided by our users, including zip code and profile. We do not provide this Personal Information to our advertisers when you interact with such an advertisement. However, please note that the advertisers (including ad serving companies) may determine based on their own analysis that a user who interacts with an advertisement targeted by us may fit into a certain demographic category; for example, an advertiser may determine that men ages 25-34 are interacting with a certain advertisement on the Services from a particular geographic area.You can learn more about the advertising companies we work with and what options they may offer you regarding cookies and targeted advertising by clicking here. Many of these companies are also members of the Network Advertising Initiative or the Digital Advertising Alliance, which each provide a simple way to opt-out of ad targeting from participating companies.We may from time to time offer certain location or pinpoint based services with our applications (such as, GPS assisted navigation instruction, wireless tower location, triangulation or other available location technologies). If you elect to use such location based services, we must periodically receive your location in order to provide such location-based services to you. By using the applications' location based services, you authorize us to: (a) locate your hardware; (b) record, compile and display your location; and (c) publish your location to third parties designated by you by means of location publication controls available within the applications (e.g., settings, user preferences). As part of the applications, we may also collect and store certain information about our users, such as, users' wireless mobile subscriber ISDN and/or IMEI numbers (as applicable) and users' network access identifier information. This information will be used to provide you the services accessed through our applications. We may use third party providers to help provide services through mobile systems and such providers may use the information in accordance with our Privacy Policy.We offer you the opportunity to choose not to receive communications from us. If you would like to take advantage of this opportunity, please let us know by accessing and updating your profile. Please note that sometimes these requests may take up to ten business days to process and that we are not responsible for removing information about you from the database of any third party to whom we were authorized to disclose your User Information prior to processing your request. Even if you do take advantage of this opportunity, we reserve the right to send you administrative messages relating to the Services (e.g., 
about changes to this Privacy Policy) and to contact you regarding any goods or services you have ordered.If you would like to modify or delete from our database any User Information you previously submitted to us, please let us know by accessing and updating your profile. Please note that any User Information that we have copied may remain in back-up storage for some period of time after your request, and that if you delete certain information you may not be able to order services in the future without re-submitting such information. Also, please note that we will maintain User Information in our database whenever we are required to do so by law.We have implemented reasonable measures to help protect your User Information from loss, misuse, or unauthorized access or disclosure. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your User Information, we cannot guarantee its security.The Services may contain links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any such other website and urge you to review such practices prior to submitting any information to such websites.We are committed to protecting the privacy needs of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children's online activities and interests. The Services are not intended for and may not be used by children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 and we do not target the Services to children under the age of 13.We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If under any such update we make any material change to the way in which we treat your User Information, we will inform you of such change via email or by posting a notice on relevant areas of the Services. Any updated version of this Privacy Policy will be effective as of the date set forth therein.If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us by email at privacy@voxmedia.com.Privacy Policy
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY (THIS "PRIVACY POLICY") CAREFULLY BEFORE USING OUR WEBSITE, APPLICATIONS OR ANY OTHER MLB ADVANCED MEDIA, L.P. PRODUCT OR SERVICE.
MLB Advanced Media, L.P. is the organization that produces and publishes the Official Website of Major League Baseball, which encompasses MLB.com, the Official Websites of the thirty (30) Major League Baseball ("MLB") Clubs, the Official Websites of certain other MLB-related properties (collectively, this "Website"), downloadable mobile applications (e.g. MLB.com At Bat, MLB.com At the Ballpark) available from third party application storefronts ("Application(s)""), mobile games available from third party application storefronts (e.g. MLB.com Beat the Streak, MLB.com) ("Mobile Games") and games and other applications available from third party social media locations and gaming websites ("Social Games"). This Privacy Policy is applicable to this Website, the Applications, Mobile Games and the Social Games, all of which will be called "Services" throughout this Privacy Policy, and describes what information we collect, how we may use that information and the choices we offer for you to manage the information we collect related to your use of our Services.

Personal Information Collected Via Our Services
How We Use and Share Your Personal Information
Additional Information About Collection of Location Data
Additional Information About Our Access to Your Contacts
Other Information Collected And Shared Within Our Services.
Other Circumstances When Your Data May Be Shared
Managing Your Information
Other InformationInformation You Provide. You may visit and enjoy many elements of our Services without disclosing any personal information about yourself. However, to make use of select, special or enhanced elements of the Services, you will need to share with us certain personal information so those elements may function properly. When you use certain enhanced elements within our Services (e.g., create a profile, register for a promotion, make a purchase, or publish a comment), the personal information we collect may include, but is not limited to:
Full name,
Email address,
Password,
Street address,
Telephone number(s),
Birth date,
Payment card information,
Location data,
Contacts (as stored in your wireless device),
Other personal data as detailed in this Privacy Policy and data that may be requested from and provided by you.
If we collect such information, in most instances, the applicable page(s) or location(s) within the Services will include statements regarding what information is required for the elements of the Services to function properly and functionality for you to submit the requested or required information. In addition to the list above, there may also be opportunities for you to grant permission for use of other of your information in a manner set forth on the applicable page(s) within the Services.If you submit personal information to us, or to any third party acting on our behalf, we may use and share your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy and as disclosed when you first submit your information. We will not sell, lease, publish or share your personal information with or to anyone else, except as set forth in this Privacy Policy. We may use and share your personal information as described in Section 1 above and we may:

Use your information to provide services you've requested or provide you with offers, promotions (e.g., a sweepstakes, fantasy game, subscription to goods or services, etc.) or content or add you to our postal mail list;
Share your information with certain third parties, including service providers, sponsors and promotional partners, so they may help us provide services, offers, promotions or content youâve requested or otherwise in accordance with the applicable rules of a promotion or terms presented at the time you submit personal information, so the third party can administer the promotion, send you offers or content or add you to their postal mailing list;
Use and share your information with one or more MLB Clubs or entities, to the extent that you've submitted information or accessed functionality or content that relates specifically to such Club(s) or entities (e.g., you've asked to receive the newsletter of a Club or you've purchased Club-specific merchandise), so they may learn more about fans like you, add you to the Club's postal mail list and provide better services to you;
Share your information upon notice posted on an applicable location of our Services where we collect your personal information for an economic transaction and notify you that we will be sharing such information with a third party;
Use and share your information with our third-party survey partners to send you periodic surveys to help improve our Services or your MLB experience;
Use and share your information in connection with online loyalty, membership or rewards programs operated from our Services or with a third party from which you may receive goods or services in connection with such a program; or
Use and share your information with permission from you.Location Data We Collect. When you use our Service we may solicit your permission to collect your location data. Please be advised, for some features within our Applications to function (e.g. live MLB game video) we must confirm your current location and therefore some features will not be available if you choose not to provide your location data to us. The specificity of the location data collected may depend on a number of factors, including the device you are using (e.g. laptop, smartphone, tablet) and how you are connected to the internet (e.g. via cable broadband connection, WiFi, etc.). If you enable location services for our Applications, we may collect location data (e.g. zip code) periodically as you use or leave open our Applications. We may also use this data internally or in conjunction with our third party service providers to customize your experience and provide offers that may be relevant to you. Depending on the platform you use to access our Applications (e.g., Appleâs iOS, Googleâs Android, Windows, etc.) you may be able to control from within the settings on your wireless device or the Application(s) whether location data is collected.Our Access to Your Contacts. When you use our Mobile Games, we may solicit your permission to access your contacts list (e.g., address book) so that we may match individuals from your contacts lists with those participating in our Mobile Games so you can invite your friends to play with and against you. We will not store the information in your contacts list.Our Cookies and Web Beacons
We use and permit automatic methods such as cookies (small amounts of data which include a unique string of characters sent to your browser or application from a website's computers and stored on your computer's or device's hard drive), web beacons (technology used to track activity, also known as pixel tags) or similar technologies, alone or in combination with personally identifiable information you choose to provide us. Examples of the information we collect and analyze using such methods include, but is not limited to: personal information as authorized by you, the Internet protocol address used to connect your computer or device to the Internet; email address; login name and password; operating system type, version and computer or device platform; purchase history; the full Uniform Resource Locator clickstream to, on and from our Services, including date and time; and products you viewed or searched. We use software tools to measure and collect session information, including page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks and mouse-overs) and methods used to browse away from a page. We use and may allow certain third parties, such as those who provide services associated with our Services, to access these automatic data collection methods to enable you to use a "shopping cart" while using our Services, to store your preferences and to improve, deliver and customize our Services' content and offerings.

Third Party Cookies and Web Beacons; Network Advertisers
We allow select third parties, such as those who deliver advertisements, content, social networking or provide other services associated with our Services, to set cookies, web beacons or similar technologies in certain locations within the Services or certain emails sent by us. Third party companies that manage and deliver advertisements to websites and applications such as ours are commonly referred to as "network advertisers." A permitted network advertiser may use cookies, web beacons or similar technologies to collect information about your interaction with our Services in order to tailor certain advertisements and content delivered within our Services and on other websites within such network advertiser's ad network. You may elect to opt out of targeted behavioral advertising from many major third party network advertisers by clicking here. If you would like to obtain more information about common industry practices of network advertisers or make choices about their use of your information or find additional opt-out tools operated by advertising industry associations encompassing even more network advertisers, please click here.

Social Networking
When using our Services or when using certain third party social networking services (e.g., Facebook, Twitter, Google +) (each and collectively, a "Social Network"), you may have the option to connect your Website, Application, Mobile Game or Social Game information and activity with your Social Network information and activity. If you authorize such a connection, you permit us to share or publish information about your activity on our Services, with that Social Network and its users, and to access certain of your Social Network information, as disclosed by you at the time you consent to the connection. Information we may share with a Social Network may include, but is not limited to: technical information about your Services activity, your Services comments or the videos you watch on our Services. Information we may access about you, with your consent, from a Social Network may include, but is not limited to, your basic Social Network information, your location data, your list of contacts, friends or followers, and certain of your activities on the Social Network. If you permit a connection between a Social Network and our Services, we (and that Social Network) may be able to identify you and to associate information received pursuant to the connection with information we already have about you. We recommend that you familiarize yourself with the privacy policy and privacy control options of any Social Network with which you choose to share information or connect to our Services.

Device ID
When using our Mobile Games, we or our third party service provider may collect your unique device ID and share it on an aggregated and anonymous basis to help us understand our users and provide you a better experience. The aggregated and anonymous data may also be used by our third party service provider in connection with its products and services. If you wish to opt out of this anonymous data collection, please click here and follow the instructions.Aggregated Demographic Information.
We may share aggregated demographic information with third parties. This information is not linked to personal information that can identify you or another individual person.

Business Transfers.
As time passes, MLB Advanced Media, L.P. may be sold along with its assets, or other corporate transactions may occur. In such a case, our customer information may be one of the business assets we transfer.

Disclosure for Legal Purposes.
We may be required to share your personal and non-personal information pursuant to judicial or governmental subpoenas, warrants or orders. If we are required to do so, we will, of course, obey the law. In addition, notwithstanding any term to the contrary in this Privacy Policy, we reserve the right to use, disclose or share your personal and non-personal information in order to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of Terms of Use of any of our Services or as required by law.You may choose and control what information you provide about yourself and certain information which is automatically collected via our Services. If you do not wish to provide certain information necessary for enhanced functionality or content on our Services, please do not use such functionality or content. If you have registered for an account through our Services, you may review and revise certain of your account information by clicking here to log in, and then navigating the left-hand menu options. You may modify your subscriptions to our various promotional email communications and newsletters by accessing the "Email Subscriptions" section within your Website account.

If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows a user to accept or reject most cookies. Certain cookies that are set when some video products are accessed on our Website, called local shared objects or Flash cookies, may not be managed using the settings in your web browser. Information on managing, accepting and rejecting these cookies is available from Adobe on the Adobe website. If you set your browser or Adobe Flash options not to accept cookies or local shared objects, you may not be able to take advantage of certain Services.

If you want to review or revise the personal information you provided during registration or in connection with a purchase or other activity while using our Services, or change the promotional email communications or newsletters you receive from us, you may either (1) click here to log in, and then click on the applicable left-hand menu option, or (2) call MLB.com Customer Service at 866-800-1275. If you want to close your Website account and have us delete the personal information in it (except for information that we keep for record-keeping purposes), you should call MLB.com Customer Service at 866-800-1275.

Remember that when you share information publicly online, it may be indexable by search engines or recorded by others, and any search engine index or record of your information may persist after you delete the information at the original source.No Spyware or Adware.
We do not install any spyware or adware in connection with our Services, or distribute any commercial message, or authorize any third party to distribute any commercial message, by means of spyware or adware. "Spyware" or "adware" is any software which has been downloaded to or installed on an Internet user's computer or device, without the user's actual consent, and facilitates the distribution of any commercial message to the user. If you feel you may have spyware from another company installed on your machine, there are various anti-spyware/adware software applications available on the Internet to identify if this has occurred.

Our Security Practices.
The account information associated with any of our Services is password protected for your privacy and security. You choose your password for any of our Services so the strength of that password is determined by you. We recommend that you choose a unique password and not share your password with anyone else. In certain areas, we use industry-standard SSL encryption to protect data transmissions.

Links.
Our Services contain links to other websites and products produced by MLB Advanced Media, L.P. and to websites and products operated by unrelated third parties. In addition, if you click on an advertisement within our Services, you may be directed to a web page within our Services or to a third-party website or product. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of third party websites or products, and we encourage you to read the privacy policies of every website and product that collects personally identifiable information from you. This Privacy Policy applies only to our Services, unless you are notified otherwise upon accessing any third party website or product, in which case the terms and conditions set forth in such notification will apply.

Your California Privacy Rights.
If you are a resident of California, pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.83, you may request information regarding our disclosure of your personal information to a third party for that party's direct marketing purposes. Any such disclosure made to a third party by us would be otherwise in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy. To make such a request please send an email to privacy@website.mlb.com or write to us at: MLB Advanced Media, L.P., Privacy Administrator, 75 Ninth Avenue, New York, New York 10011.

Special Rules For Children.
Because of federal law, we are not permitted to knowingly collect any personal information from a child under the age of thirteen without the consent of that child's parent or guardian. The statements in this Privacy Policy about our collection and use of personal information also apply to our treatment of personal information from children under the age of thirteen. Some elements of our Services (e.g., shop, ticketing, and auctions) require the submission of a payment card number along with personal information in connection with a purchase; other elements of our Services (e.g., fantasy baseball) require the submission of personal information to access or use the Services. Except in certain cases where limited contact information may be collected and not retained, these elements of our Services are available to children under the age of thirteen. If a child who we know to be under the age of thirteen and for whom we have not received parental consent attempts to utilize a service on our Services which is not available to children, he/she will not be able to access it and may receive a message which relays that he/she is not eligible for such feature.

Contact Us Regarding Privacy.
If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us at:
MLB Advanced Media, L.P.
Privacy Administrator
Address: 75 Ninth Avenue
City: New York, State: New York Zip Code: 10011
Phone: (212) 485-6142
Fax: (212) 485-8111
Or send an email to privacy@website.mlb.com.

Notification of Changes.
If we make an important change to this Privacy Policy, we will post a notification and link on our Website's homepage and within our Applications, Mobile Games and Social Games so that you may review the updated policy.

LAST UPDATED AND EFFECTIVE DATE: MAY 24, 2013Head-Fi Privacy Policy

Head-Fi (“Head-Fi”, “our”, “us” or “we”) provides this Privacy Policy to inform you of the policies and procedures that govern the collection, use and disclosure of personal information from users of our website, accessible at www.head-fi.org (the “Site”). This Privacy Policy applies only to information that you provide to us through the Site. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Head-Fi Rules/Terms of Use (http://www.head-fi.org/wiki/terms-of-service).

Please note that Head-Fi is a member of the community of websites hosted on the Huddler, Inc. (“Huddler”) platform (see www.huddler.com). As a result of Head-Fi's relationship with Huddler, the policies and procedures described in this Privacy Policy govern and apply equally to Huddler with respect to Huddler's use and disclosure of personal information from users of the Site, whether Huddler collects such information itself or receives such information from Head-Fi.

This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. We will notify you of any material changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site. You are advised to consult this policy regularly for any changes.

As used in this policy, the terms “using” and “processing” information include using cookies on a computer, subjecting the information to statistical or other analysis and using or handling information in any way, including, but not limited to collecting, storing, evaluating, modifying, deleting, using, combining, disclosing and transferring information within our organization or among our affiliates within the United States or internationally.

Information Collection and Use: When you register with us through the Site we will ask you for certain personally identifiable information. This refers to information about you that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Information”). Personal Information includes, but is not limited to, your name, phone number, credit card or other billing information, email address and home and business postal addresses. Personal Information may also include information you supply to us concerning your preferences and interests expressed in the course of use of the Site and Services.
We use Personal Information for the following purposes: (i) to provide the Site and the Services and to administer your inquiries; (ii) to enable users to easily use and navigate the Site and the Services; (iii) to improve and optimize the Services; (iv) to better understand users' needs and interests, (v) to personalize your experience; and (vi) to provide you with further information and offers from us that we believe you may find useful or interesting. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications or select the appropriate option via your Account.
We also collect the other information that you provide as part of registration and the administration and personalization of your Account profile (e.g., without limitation, zip code (on its own) and individual preferences or demographic information) ("Non-Identifying Information"). We use your Personal Information (in some cases, in conjunction with your Non-Identifying Information) for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy only and particularly to provide the Services, complete your transactions, and administer your inquiries. Certain Non-Identifying Information would be considered a part of your Personal Information if it were combined with other identifiers (for example, combining your zip code with your street address) in a way that enables you to be identified. But the same items of information are considered Non-Identifying Information when they are taken alone or combined only with other non-identifying information (for example, your demographic information). We may combine your Personal Information with Non-Identifying Information and aggregate it with information collected from other Members or unregistered users for internal purposes only to attempt to provide you with a better experience, to improve the quality and value of the Services and to analyze and understand how our Site and Services are used.
We also use your Personal Information to contact you with Head-Fi newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications or select the appropriate option via your Account.When you visit the Site, whether as a Member or as an unregistered user just browsing, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type or the webpage you were visiting before you came to our Site, pages of our Site that you visit, the time spent on those pages, information you search for on our Site, access times and dates, and other statistics. We use this information to monitor and analyze use of the Site and the Services and for the Site's technical administration, to increase our Site's functionality and user-friendliness, and to better tailor it to our visitors' needs. For example, some of this information is collected so that when you visit the Site again, it will recognize you and serve advertisements and other information appropriate to your interests. We also use this information to verify that visitors to the Site meet the criteria required to process their requests. We do not treat Log Data as Personal Information or use it in association with other Personal Information, though we may aggregate, analyze and evaluate such information for the same purposes as stated above regarding other Non-Identifying Information.Like many websites, we use “cookies” to collect information. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer's hard disk for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies for two purposes. First, we utilize persistent cookies to save your registration ID and login password for future logins to the Site. Second, we utilize session ID cookies to enable certain features of the Site, to better understand how you interact with the Site and to monitor aggregate usage by Members and unregistered users and web traffic routing on the Site. Unlike persistent cookies, session cookies are deleted from your computer when you log off from the Site and Services and then close your browser. Third-party advertisers on the Site may also place or read cookies on your browser. You can instruct your browser, by changing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of the Site or all functionality of the Services. If you would like to opt-out of Non Personally Identifiable Information (PII) cookie tracking, please visit the NAI opt-out page here: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.As part of the Services, Members may communicate with other Members and with unregistered users through use of their Accounts. For Members who have selected the option of adding one or more email addresses to an online form, the message they create in the corresponding template will be sent from Head-Fi to those email addresses on their behalf. These email addresses will be stored in the address book the Member creates and will be used only for the purpose of sending the email communication to the addressee.Identity theft and the practice currently known as “phishing” are of great concern to Head-Fi. Safeguarding information to help protect you from identity theft is a top priority. We do not and will not, at any time, request your credit card information, your account ID, login password, or national identification numbers in a non-secure or unsolicited e-mail or telephone communication. For more information about phishing, visit the Federal Trade Commission's website.Members. We will display your Personal Information in your profile page and elsewhere on the Site according to the preferences you set in your account. Any information 
you choose to provide should reflect how much you want other Members and unregistered Site users to know about you. We recommend that you guard your anonymity and sensitive information and we encourage members to think carefully about what information about themselves they disclose in their profile pages. You can review and revise your profile information at any time.

Aggregate Information and Non-Identifying Information. We may share aggregated information that does not include Personal Information and we may otherwise disclose Non-Identifying Information and Log Data with third parties for industry analysis, demographic profiling and other purposes. Any aggregated information shared in these contexts will not contain your Personal Information.

Service Providers. We may employ third-party companies (such as Huddler) and individuals to facilitate and provide the Site and Services, including, without limitation, maintenance services, database management, web analytics and improvement of the features of the Site and Services, analyzing how the Site and Services are used. These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. We may also provide Personal Information to our business partners or other trusted entities for the purpose of providing you with information on goods or services we believe will be of interest to you. You can, at any time, opt out of receiving such information.

Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement. Head-Fi cooperates with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We will disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (including but not limited to subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of Head-Fi or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, any illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity.

Business Transfers. Head-Fi may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your Personal Information, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy.All Members may review, update, correct or delete the Personal Information in their registration profile by contacting us. If you completely delete all such information, then your account may become deactivated. If you would like us to delete your record in our system, please contact us at support@head-fi.org with a request that we delete your Personal Information from our database. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request. We may retain an archived copy of your records as required by law or for legitimate business purposes."Publicly accessible" areas of the Service are those areas of Head-Fi that are intended by Head-Fi's management to be available to the general public. By way of example, publicly accessible areas of the Service would include Head-Fi Message Boards that are open to both members and visitors. However, publicly accessible areas of the Service would not include portions of Head-Fi that are limited to members. The use of the the Private Messaging Service is not “Private” in the sense that it is a message seen only by the sender and receiver. While the message is private from the rest of the members, it is not encrypted and the administration of Head-Fi can view them if needed. All rules that apply to posting on the Main Forums ALSO apply to the use of our Private Messaging System and violators may have their posting privileges subject to the same revocations as on the Forum in general.Head-Fi is very concerned with safeguarding your information. We employ reasonable physical, technological, and administrative security measures and attempt to ensure they are applicable under the circumstances. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

We will make any legally required disclosures of any breach of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of your unencrypted electronically stored “personal data” (as defined in applicable state statutes on security breach notification) to you via email or conspicuous posting on this Site in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay, insofar as consistent with (i) the legitimate needs of law enforcement or (ii) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system.Your information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, Head-Fi transfers Personal Information to the United States and processes it there. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.The Site contains links to other websites. If you choose to visit an advertiser by “clicking on” a banner ad or other type of advertisement, or click on another third-party link, you will be directed to that third party's website. The fact that we link to a website or present a banner ad or other type of advertisement is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices. We do not exercise control over third-party websites. These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you. Other sites follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit.This Site is not directed to children under 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13.If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by clicking on http://www.head-fi.org/feedbackAll health and health-related information contained within this Johns Hopkins Medicine Web site is intended to be general in nature and should not be used as a substitute for a visit with a health care professional. The advice is intended to offer only a general basis for individuals to discuss their medical condition with their health care provider. Your health care provider should be consulted regarding matters concerning the medical condition, treatment and needs of you and your family.

Although every effort is made to ensure that the material within this Johns Hopkins Medicine Web site is accurate and timely, it is provided for the convenience of the Web site user and should not be considered official. Users of this Web site are advised to refer to and rely upon the official version of information when making significant decisions, including decisions related to employment opportunities at Hopkins.Privacy Information
Patient Privacy InformationPlease be aware most information transmitted over the Internet is not secure; thus, confidentiality cannot be guaranteed.

Of the information we learn about you from your visit to Johns Hopkins Medicine Web sites, we store the following: the IP address from which you access the Internet, the date and time, the Internet address of the Web site from which you linked directly to our site, the name of the file or the words you searched, and the browser used to access our site. This information is used to measure the number of visitors to the various sections of our site and identify system performance or problem areas. We also use this information to help us improve features of the site and to make the site more useful.If you choose to provide us with personal information by sending an email, or by filling out a form with your personal information and submitting it through our Web site, we use that information to respond to your message and to help us provide you with information or material that you request. We do not give, share, sell, or transfer any personal information to a third party unless required by law.Please note that some pages within this Web site, for the convenience of users, are linked to Web sites not managed by Johns Hopkins Medicine. Neither The Johns Hopkins University nor The Johns Hopkins Health System review, control or take responsibility for the content of those Web sites.

Links from this Web site to Web sites not managed by Johns Hopkins Medicine do not imply endorsement or credibility of the service, information or product offered through the linked sites

Some Johns Hopkins Medicine Web sites provide links to other internet sites that provide health information. Once you link to another site, you are subject to the privacy policy of the new site.PLEASE NOTE THAT OUR PRIVACY POLICY has changed effective September 9, 2008.

If you submitted personally identifiable information to use prior to September 9, 2008, and desire opt out of having that previously submitted personally identifiable information from being treated under the new policy, please contact us at legal@apartmenttherapy.com.

Welcome to thekitchn.com. thekitchn.com ("Website") is an interactive online service operated by Apartment Therapy, LLC ("us", "we", or "our"). Please read the following to learn more about our Privacy Policy, which includes compliance with California Privacy Rights (see also http://www.privacyprotection.ca.gov).

We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through our Website. We have adopted this Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") to explain what information may be collected on our Website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through our Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.

This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms of Use posted on our Website, sets forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website. Depending on your activities when visiting our Website, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions.

We generally keep this Privacy Policy posted on our Website and you should review it frequently, as it may change from time to time without notice. Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy. WHEN YOU ACCESS OUR WEBSITE, YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, OR TO ANY CHANGES WE MAY SUBSEQUENTLY MAKE, IMMEDIATELY STOP ACCESSING OUR WEBSITE. If, at any point, we decide to use your personally identifiable information in a manner materially different than what was stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users of this change by e-mail to the last e-mail address provided to us. Users will have a choice (by means of an opt out opportunity) as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected if you opt out of the new policy.Our Website typically collects two kinds of information about you: (a) information that you provide that personally identifies you; and (b) information that does not personally identify you, that we automatically collect when you visit our Website or that you provide us.

Personally Identifiable Information:
Our definition of personally identifiable information includes any information that may be used to specifically identify or contact you, such as your name, mail address, phone number, etc. As a general policy, we do not automatically collect your personally identifiable information when you visit our Website. In certain circumstances, we may request, allow or otherwise provide you an opportunity to submit your personally identifiable information in connection with a feature, program, promotion or some other aspect of our Website. For instance, you may: (a) provide your name, mail/shipping address, email address, credit card number and phone number when registering with our Website, using our online store, or in connection with a contest entry; (b) provide certain demographic information about you (e.g., age, gender, purchase preference, usage frequency, etc.) when participating in a survey, poll or joining a club; or (c) post a product rating and recommendation on our Website. Certain information may not be personally identifiable when standing alone (e.g., your age), but may become so when combined with other information (e.g., your age and name). Whether or not you provide this information is your choice; however, in many instances this type of information is required to participate in the particular activity, realize a benefit we may offer, or gain access to certain content on our Website.

Non-Personal Information:
Our definition of non-personal information is any information that does not personally identify you. Non-personal information can include certain personally identifiable information that has been de-identified; that is, information that has been rendered anonymous. We obtain non-personal information about you from information that you provide us, either separately or together with your personally identifiable information. We also automatically collect certain non-personal information from you when you access our Website. This information can include, among other things, IP addresses, the type of browser you are using (e.g., Internet Explorer, Firefox, Safari, etc.), the third party website from which your visit originated, the operating system you are using (e.g., Vista, Windows XP, Macintosh OS, etc.), the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g., America Online, NetZero, etc.), the search terms you use on our Website, the specific web pages you visit, and the duration of your visits.Personally Identifiable Information:
The personally identifiable information you submit to us is generally used to carry out your requests, respond to your inquiries, better serve you, or in other ways naturally associated with the circumstances in which you provided the information. We may also use this information to later contact you for a variety of reasons, such as customer service, providing you promotional information for our products or those of our parent company, subsidiaries or other affiliated companies ("affiliated companies"), or to communicate with you about content or other information you have posted or shared with us via our Website. You may opt-out from receiving future promotional information from us or our affiliated companies, or direct that we not share your information with any affiliated companies, as set forth below.

In certain instances we may also share your personally identifiable information with our third party vendors performing functions on our behalf (or on behalf of our affiliated companies) -- e.g., vendors that process credit card orders, deliver our merchandise, administer our promotions, provide us marketing or promotional assistance, analyze our data, assist us with customer service, etc. Our vendors agree to use this information, and we share information with them, only to carry out our requests. In addition, we may share your personally identifiable information with participating sponsors to a program or promotion (e.g., a sweepstakes or contest) you enter via our Website, and with third parties who assist us in using the content or other information you have posted or shared with us via our Website (e.g., production companies we may use). Further, we may share your personally identifiable information with third parties such as our co-promotional partners and others with whom we have marketing or other relationships. Except as provided in this Privacy Policy, our Terms of Use, or as set forth when you submit the information, your personally identifiable information will not be shared or sold to any third parties without your prior approval.

Non-Personal Information:
We use non-personal information in a variety of ways, including to help analyze site traffic, understand customer needs and trends, carry out targeted promotional activities, and to improve our services. We may use your non-personal information by itself or aggregate it with information we have obtained from others. We may share your non-personal information with our affiliated companies and third parties to achieve these objectives and others, but remember that aggregate information is anonymous information that does not personally identify you.IP Addresses:
An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Internet. Web servers (computers that "serve up" web pages) automatically identify your computer by its IP address. When visitors request pages from our Website, our servers typically log their IP addresses. We collect IP addresses for purposes of system administration, to report non-personal aggregate information to others, and to track the use of our Website. IP addresses are considered non-personal information and may also be shared as provided above. It is not our practice to link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable; that is, the visitor's session will be logged, but the visitor remains anonymous to us. However, we reserve the right to use IP addresses to identify a visitor when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our Website rules or to: (a) fulfill a government request; (b) conform with the requirements of the law or legal process; (c) protect or defend our legal rights or property, our Website, or other users; or (d) in an emergency to protect the health and safety of our Website's users or the general public.

Cookies, etc.:
"Cookies" are small text files from a website that are stored on your hard drive. These text files make using our Website more convenient by, among other things, saving your passwords and preferences for you. Cookies themselves do not typically contain any personally identifiable information. We may analyze the information derived from these cookies and other technological tools we employ (such as clear gifs/web beacons) and match this information with data provided by you or another party. We may provide our analysis and certain non-personal information to third parties (who may in turn use this information to provide advertisements tailored to your interests), but this will not involve disclosing any of your personally identifiable information. Please note that advertisers that serve advertisements on our Website may also use their own cookies and other technological tools which are subject to the advertiser's privacy policies, not this Privacy Policy.

If you are concerned about the storage and use of cookies, you may be able to direct your internet browser to notify you and seek approval whenever a cookie is being sent to your hard drive. You may also delete a cookie manually from your hard drive through your internet browser or other programs. Please note, however, that some parts of our Website will not function properly or be available to you if you refuse to accept a cookie or choose to disable the acceptance of cookies.

Email Communications:
If you send us an email with questions or comments, we may use your personally identifiable information to respond to your questions or comments, and we may save your questions or comments for future reference. For security reasons, we do not recommend that you send non-public personal information, such as passwords, social security numbers, or bank account information, to us by email. However, aside from our reply to such an email, it is not our standard practice to send you email unless you request a particular service or sign up for a feature that involves email communications, it relates to purchases you have made with us (e.g., product updates, customer support, etc.), we are sending you information about our other products and services, or you consented to being contacted by email for a particular purpose. In certain instances, we may provide you with the option to set your preferences for receiving email communications from us; that is, agree to some communications but not others. You may "opt out" of receiving future commercial email communications from us by clicking the "unsubscribe" link included at the bottom of most emails we send, or as provided below; provided, however, we reserve the right to send you transactional emails such as customer service communications.

Transfer of Assets:
As we continue to develop our business, we may sell or purchase assets. If another entity acquires us or all (or substantially all) of our assets, the personally identifiable information and non-personal information we have about you will be transferred to and used by this acquiring entity, though we will take reasonable steps to ensure that your preferences are followed. Also, if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us, all such information may be considered an asset of ours and as such may be sold or transferred to third parties.

Other:
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, we reserve the right to disclose any personally identifiable or non-personal information about you if we are required to do so by law, with respect to notices and counternotices pursuant to our DMCA notice and takedown policy and procedures and/or if we believe that such action is necessary to: (a) fulfill a government request; (b) conform with the requirements of the law or legal process; (c) protect or defend our legal rights or property, our Website, or other users; or (d) in an emergency to protect the health and safety of our Website's users or the general public.

Your California Privacy Rights
Residents of the State of California, under certain provisions of the California Civil Code, have the right to request from companies conducting business in California a list of all third parties to which the company has disclosed certain personally identifiable information as defined under California law during the preceding year for third party direct marketing purposes. You are limited to one request per calendar year. In your request, please attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for our response. You may request the information in writing at:

Apartment Therapy, LLC
270 Lafayette Street, Suite 1204
New York, NY 10012
Attn: California Privacy Request
legal@apartmenttherapy.comWe may offer chat rooms, message boards, bulletin boards, or similar public forums where you and other users of our Website can communicate. The protections described in this Privacy Policy do not apply when you provide information (including personal information) in connection with your use of these public forums. We may use personally identifiable and non-personal information about you to identify you with a posting in a public forum. Any information you share in a public forum is public information and may be seen or collected by anyone, including third parties that do not adhere to our Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for events arising from the distribution of any information you choose to publicly post or share through our Website.The features, programs, promotions and other aspects of our Website requiring the submission of personally identifiable information are not intended for children. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 and believe he or she has disclosed personally identifiable information to us please contact us at legal@apartmenttherapy.com. A parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 may review and request deletion of such child's personally identifiable information as well as prohibit the use thereof.We have implemented security measures we consider reasonable and appropriate to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Please be advised, however, that while we strive to protect your personally identifiable information and privacy, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us online and are not responsible for the theft, destruction, or inadvertent disclosure of your personally identifiable information. In the unfortunate event that your "personally identifiable information" (as the term or similar terms are defined by any applicable law requiring notice upon a security breach) is compromised, we may notify you by e-mail (at our sole and absolute discretion) to the last e-mail address you have provided us in the most expedient time reasonable under the circumstances; provided, however, delays in notification may occur while we take necessary measures to determine the scope of the breach and restore reasonable integrity to the system as well as for the legitimate needs of law enforcement if notification would impede a criminal investigation. From time to time we evaluate new technology for protecting information, and when appropriate, we upgrade our information security systems.Our Website may link to or contain links to other third party websites that we do not control or maintain, such as in connection with purchasing products referenced on our Website and banner advertisements. We are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by any third party website. We encourage you to note when you leave our Website and to read the privacy statements of all third party websites before submitting any personally identifiable information.You may contact us as at legal@apartmenttherapy.com if: (a) you have questions or comments about our Privacy Policy; (b) wish to make corrections to any personally identifiable information you have provided; (c) want to opt-out from receiving future commercial correspondence, including emails, from us or our affiliated companies; or (d) wish to withdraw your consent to sharing your personally identifiable information with others.

We will respond to your request and, if applicable and appropriate, make the requested change in our active databases as soon as reasonably practicable. Please note that we may not be able to fulfill certain requests while allowing you access to certain benefits and features of our Website.This Privacy Policy as posted on this Site is the sole statement of our privacy policy with respect to this Site, and no summary, modification, restatement or other version thereof, or other privacy statement or policy, in any form, is valid unless we post a new or revised policy to the Site.

© 2008, Apartment Therapy, LLC. All Rights Reserved.Privacy PolicyThis policy governs any kind of processing (including collection, use, transfer, storage and deletion) of personally identifiable information (any information that may be used to identify a physical person, and any other information associated therewith) about natural persons, which are either consumers of LEGO® products or services, or representatives of our cooperation partners (“personal data”), by all business units and entities within the LEGO Group. This policy applies to our processing of personal data collected through any means, actively as well as passively, online as well as offline, from persons located anywhere in the world. Any question regarding our processing of personal data may be directed to:

LEGO SYSTEM A/S
Aastvej 1,
DK-7190 Billund Denmark
Attn: Privacy Officer
or to the company within the LEGO group of companies closest to you. LEGO entities.Generally, the LEGO Group will be guided by the following principles when processing personal data:
1. We will only collect personal data for specific and specified purposes;
2. We will not collect personal data beyond what is necessary to accomplish those purposes;
3. We will not use personal data for purposes other than that for which the data was collected, except as stated herein, or with prior consent;
4. We will not transfer personal data to third parties or across borders, except as stated herein, or with prior consent;
5. We will seek to verify and/or update personal data periodically, and we will accept requests for amendments of personal data;
6. We will apply high technical standards to make our processing of personal data secure;
7. Except when stated herein, we will not store personal data in identifiable form longer than is necessary to accomplish its purpose, or as is required by law.
The LEGO Group encourages families to visit our LEGO.com sites together as a shared activity.As a general principle, we process personal data in order to facilitate or improve the LEGO Group's offerings and services to you. We do purchase supplementary data from public sources to complement our data bases.
We do not process personal data on behalf of third parties, nor do we sell personal data to, or share personal data with, third parties for their own, independent use, except if you allow us to do so (see LEGO Shop at Home below).
We do share personal data with third party vendors when it is necessary to provide services that we don't perform ourselves, e.g. shipping of LEGO® products, mailing of LEGO® Club Magazines, etc.
We also use third party data hosting companies to store personal data collected by us in their servers, and to do data validation checks for us (see LEGO ID - Linked Accounts below).
We undertake or commission consumer research projects from time to time and we may share personal data with third party research companies for this purpose. Also, such third party research companies may host survey data in their data bases on our behalf.
All data transfers to third party vendors or partners, including those listed as examples above will be subject to a written contract between us and the third party vendor or partner in question, and the vendor or partner will not have any authority to use such personal data for any purpose other than as instructed by us.
When relevant, personal information may be shared among the business units and entities inside the LEGO Group. LEGO entities.
We will disclose personal data when legally obligated to do so under subpoena or court order, or for law enforcement purposes. For operational security reasons, we process (mirror) personal data in Europe and the United States. This means that all personal data processed by us is transferred between our facilities in Europe and the United States periodically.When a child under the age of 13 (or such higher age as may be determined by local law; in the following, the age 13 is used as the common denominator for easy reference) contacts the LEGO Group online, for example to participate in a contest or to ask a question, we will collect that child's email address and the e-mail address of the child's parent or guardian. We will use the child's e-mail address only for the purpose for which it was collected, and we will use the e-mail address of the parents or guardians only to provide notification about the child's contact with us, and to provide notification of the types and uses of personal data collected, if and as required by law.
As a parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 from whom we have collected personal data, you have the right to review and have deleted such personal data, and to refuse to permit further collection or use of such personal data. To do so, you should contact us by clicking here Parents and guardians who wish to review personal data concerning their children will be required to specify the usernames and passwords of the children concerned, and to provide their own e-mail address for verification and contact purposes.
We cannot and will not establish conditions that will require or encourage children to disclose personal data over and above what is reasonably necessary to participate in any activity features on our web sites.
Children under 13 years of age are allowed to participate in contests. However, if such a child wins, notification will be sent to the parent or guardian's e-mail address (provided by the child when he/she enters the contest). Also, we will not ask the child for any personal data beyond e-mail addresses without obtaining prior parental consent. Any personal data obtained from children and parents during contests will be kept until the contest ends and prizes are delivered, and then it will be deleted.
If any online activity offered by us will allow children under the age of 13 to reveal personal data publicly (for example via un-moderated chat rooms or bulletin boards), we will obtain parental consent before allowing the child to participate. Currently, all such activities are moderated, monitored and/or screened.
Processing of personal data through LEGO® channels

LEGO ID
General:
We have introduced one common profile platform (LEGO ID) which is usable across different LEGO online applications. When you have created one LEGO ID for one application, it can be used for other applications as well.
A LEGO ID may be created by children and adults alike, but where an individual younger than 13 signs-up, we will, as a general rule, collect personal data from the parents or legal guardian of the child rather than the child.
In order to create a LEGO ID, we will process personal data such as email address (and a parent or legal guardian email address if the creator is under the age of 13), birthday, country of residence, and gender. We will also require a password and a username to be created.
The email address is used for sending account notifications and other system-related information as needed.

Linked Accounts
By linking children's LEGO ID's with parents or legal guardians LEGO ID's, we enable more substantial parental control over the child's online activities. In doing so, however, it is extremely important that we can verify the relationship between the child and the parent or legal guardian to whose LEGO ID the child's LEGO ID is to be linked.
For this reason, we will process personal data in regards to the parent or legal guardian such as first and last name, mailing address, date of birth and a more reliable type of offline ID number (e.g. driver's license number or social security number, personal identification number or the like) varying by jurisdiction.
We will transfer these data to an external service provider, which will perform the validation for us. Validation services will be performed under a written contract between us and the service provider.
We will not store personal data collected for the validation in our archives. The result we receive back will be a “match” (in which case the child and the parent or legal guardian LEGO ID's will be linked) or a “no match” (in which case the LEGO ID's will not be linked, until and unless an appropriate relationship between the child and the applicant has been established otherwise).
The external service provider will process and store the personal data submitted by us strictly for documentation purposes.NoneWhen you use our LEGO Shop at Home service online or offline (e.g. ordering online via shop.LEGO.com or via the LEGO Consumer Services Center, via catalogue or otherwise), we will process transaction-related personal data, such as your first and last name, mailing and shipping address, phone number, email address, credit card or other payment information, and (if you have created a [LEGO ID]) your date of birth and gender. We will also process information about your purchases with us.
We will use such personal data to process and deliver your order, to provide notification of order status, and to update your profile periodically to ensure that we have the most accurate personal data available. We will also use said personal data to analyze customer behavior and to customize our LEGO Shop at Home communication with you, if applicable. In this respect, we may transfer tracking information about your use of our sites to external service providers, which will help us optimize your browsing experience. Optimization services will be performed under a written contract between us and any service provider.
If you opt-in (or upon request), we will send you LEGO Shop at Home promotional and marketing emails. These may be targeted to you based on your purchase history or online browsing behaviour.
You may allow us to share your name, address and ordering activity with carefully selected third parties in whose products we believe you might be interested.If you are 13 years or older (age limitation may vary by country), you can join our LEGO VIP Program in physical LEGO Brand Retail Stores, online via LEGO Shop at Home, by phone via the LEGO Consumer Services Center, or through LEGO events offered by the VIP program. If you sign up in a store or by phone, you will be required to subsequently visit VIP.LEGO.com/Register to finalize the sign-up process online.
We will process personal data such as your first and last name, address details, phone number, cell phone number (optional), email address, credit card or other payment information, LEGO ID username and password, date of birth and gender. We will also process information about your purchases with us (online and offline), marketing preferences and your use of LEGO.com related websites.
We use your personal data to send you regular email newsletters, to send you marketing offers (if you opt-in) via catalogues, emails and text messages, to analyze customer behavior and to customize our LEGO VIP Program communication with you. We will also use your personal data to update your profile periodically to ensure that we have the most accurate personal data available.Children can join the LEGO Club. If the child is under the age of 13, we will, as a general rule, collect personal data relevant to the membership from the parents or legal guardian of the child rather than the child. Where the only personal data needed is the email address of the child (e.g. for participation in a contest), we may collect the email address directly from the child, and provide notification to the parents or legal guardian as required by law.
As a member of one of the LEGO Club, the child may receive periodical LEGO Club Magazines, LEGO Club email newsletters, and be able to participate in contests, etc.
When completing a LEGO Club membership application, you consent to the LEGO Club using your child's information for mailings and emails. The data will be used only for LEGO mailings and will not be sold, rented, or otherwise disclosed to any company outside the LEGO Company except for companies acting as our agents to help us provide services requested by the child.
We will process personal data such as the child's first and last name, mailing address, gender, date of birth, email address and phone number, as relevant.You may contact our LEGO Consumer Service Center with questions or comments related to the LEGO Group, and our products and services. You may also request replacement parts for your LEGO® sets, request catalogues, etc.
When you contact us, we will process personal data such as age group, your email address, your gender, first and last name, mailing address, phone and/or cell phone number, as relevant.We use cookies on our websites. Cookies are small data files that your browser places on your computer or device. A cookie itself does not contain or collect information. However, when it is read by a server via a web browser it can help a website deliver a more user-friendly service – for example, remembering previous purchases or account details.
We use cookies in order to remember your choices, to give you a better user experience by improving our web sites and for providing content more accurately suited to your needs.
This means we use cookies in order to remember:
Your browser settings, such as the type of browser you use and what plug-ins you have installed. This keeps us from bothering you every time you enter the site in order to make sure that you have the necessary equipment to play a game or download information from our sites. It also allows us to know how many people are using certain types of software, so that we can adjust our site to provide the best browsing experience for every visitor. Your language and region choice. This means that if you have once chosen English as a language this is the default language that will be using when you revisits us What games you play, your high scores and your progress in the games – depending on the features of each game. This state is saved in Flash Local Shared Objects a.k.a. Flash cookies.
Your LEGO ID sign-in state.
Your shopping cart and shopping options.
What products you view and buy in the shop so we can provide you with suggestions.
What products and gallery entries you have rated and the rating you have given.
The last time we asked you to participate in a survey and whether you answered it so we do not prompt you too often.
Your movement on and usage of our sites. We do not collect personal data as part of this. We collect statistical data so we can optimize our site.
Recently used data - to improve performance. In case we store personal data in a cookie, the information will be encrypted and thus safe.
Some cookies last until you close your browser, others are stored for longer. Our maximum cookie age is 400 days – as we want to make sure that you can find your information if you only visit us approximately once a year.
We use third party companies as suppliers for some of our functions. Their use of the data is controlled by our contract with them and they are only allowed to use the data strictly for the purpose we have stated .e.g. the data is not used in connection with data from other companies and we are not tracking user behavior outside our own sites.
Most browsers automatically accept cookies. You can prevent cookies from being stored on your computer or device by setting your browser to not accept cookies. Some browsers provide a mode where cookies are always deleted after a visit. This is called InPrivate in Internet Explorer version 8 and newer; Incognito in Google Chrome version 10 and newer; Private Browsing in Firefox version 3.5 and newer; Private Browsing in Safari version 2 and newer and Private Browsing in Opera version 10.5 and newer.
The exact instructions for this can be found in the manual for your browser. You can delete cookies already on your computer or device at any time. If you choose not to accept cookies at all, you can still visit our website, however we cannot guarantee an optimum experience without cookies.
In some cases, a browser is inside another program. This list tells you how you control those:
For LEGO Digital Designer on Mac use Safari.
For LEGO Digital Designer on PC use from Internet Explorer.
For LEGO Mindstorms on Mac and PC simply restart the program.You may always contact us to review and update personal data we may have stored about you. You may either use the following link or contact our LEGO Consumer Service. Please note that prior to accessing and making changes to your account, we must verify your identity properly. It may take up to 10 business days before changes take effect.Shopping Security
Access to a number of LEGO.com services are protected by access restrictions based on the LEGO ID user name and password. It is important that you always choose a password which is hard to guess for others, and protect your password against disclosure.
All external transmissions of personal data facilitated by us are protected by encryption.
All data storage, at LEGO Group operated computer facilities as well as at business partner facilities, will be subject to written contracts.
Generally, processing of personal data will take place in accordance with applicable legislation and best practices concerning data security.
Credit card information is directed to one or more approved and certified service provider(s), and will not be stored by us for longer than it takes to process the data.
Handling of personal data is controlled by documented policies and procedures, including strict physical and logical access control, security back-up, failover, anti-malware protection, monitoring and vulnerability detection mechanisms.The LEGO Group may need to change its data processing policy from time to time to keep up with the ways in which we collect, use, transfer, store and/or delete personal data. If policy changes are made, which would materially and adversely affect the privacy of individuals to whom this policy applies, we will endeavor to give notice of such changes to all individuals concerned.

EFFECTIVE DATE: 25th May 2011Privacy Policy

Last Updated: November 18, 2013

Bloomberg L.P. ("BLP") respects the privacy rights of our users and is strongly committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy applies to this Web site, any newsletters subscribed to via this Web site, information collected and provided to BLP when you subscribe to the digital edition of Bloomberg Businessweek at third-party websites and applications, and information collected offline when you subscribe to the print edition of Bloomberg Businessweek, but does not apply to any other products or services or to information collected in any other way (whether offline or online) by BLP, its general and limited partners, and its subsidiaries, and their respective general partners and affiliates (collectively "Bloomberg"), unless expressly indicated by Bloomberg (such as by including a link to this Privacy Policy on other Bloomberg websites or on Bloomberg mobile applications).BLP or a designated service provider collects personal information that you voluntarily provide on this Web site, on third-party websites and applications when subscribing to the digital edition of Bloomberg Businessweek, or offline in connection with your Bloomberg Businessweek print edition subscription, which may include your name, address, e-mail address, credit card number, billing information, etc. For example, BLP or a designated service provider collects personal information when you register on this Web site, request certain Bloomberg services or products, or submit the information to enter a sweepstakes, contest, or other promotion. This information is used to provide you your requested service or product and to communicate with you. We use any credit card or payment information we acquire from you to fulfill your order. Consistent with the choice you make when providing personal information, Bloomberg may use your personal information to provide you with information, special offers, and promotions via various means including e-mail. You may instruct BLP at any time not to use your personal information covered by this Privacy Policy to provide you with information, special offers, and promotions by clicking here. You can also update your settings for receiving offers and promotions by email by clicking here. Please note that if you exercise choice in this manner, you will continue to receive communications concerning your account and products and services you requested, and in response to any requests for information by you. Your choice does not apply to any other Bloomberg products or services to which you may subscribe or purchase. Please also note that this opt-out process may take some time to complete, consistent with applicable law.BLP and the parties with whom we work (e.g., service providers, business partners) may place, view, and/or use "cookies," Web server logs, Web beacons, or other electronic tools to collect statistical and other information about your use of this Web site and other websites. This information may include information about the IP address of your computer, browser type, language, operating system, your mobile device, geo-location data, the state or country from which you accessed this Web site, the Web pages visited, the date and the time of a visit, and the websites you visited immediately before and after visiting this Web site.

BLP and the parties with whom we work may use the information collected for various reasons, either on behalf of Bloomberg or for the other parties' own purposes, including research, analysis, to better serve visitors to this Web site (such as by enabling log-in, providing access to certain sections of this Web site, providing customized content, or presenting online advertising on this Web site or other websites tailored to your interests as described further below), to compile aggregate and anonymous information about usage of this Web site and other websites, other statistics, etc. However, if you have deleted and disabled cookies, these uses will not be possible to the extent they are based on cookie information.

To assist us with the uses described in this Privacy Policy, information collected about your use of this Web site or other websites may be combined with personal or other information about you from other online or offline sources. If you prefer that we not combine non-personal information that has been collected, through cookies, about your use of this Web site or other websites with personal or other information about you, then please delete and disable cookies for each browser, on each computer you use to surf the Web.

Most browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually set your browser to disable cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. Likewise, most mobile devices allow you to disable the ability for geo-location information to be collected from your mobile device. The help function on most browsers and mobile devices contains instructions on how to set your browser to notify you before accepting cookies, disable cookies entirely, or disable the collection of geo-location data. You need to set each browser, on each device you use to surf the Web. Thus, if you use multiple browsers (e.g., AOL, Safari, Internet Explorer, Firefox, etc.), you should repeat this procedure with each one. Similarly, if you connect to the Web from multiple devices (e.g., work and home), you need to set each browser on each device. However, if you disable cookies or refuse to accept a request to place a cookie, it is possible that some parts of this Web site, such as the polls, surveys, contests, and product sales, and certain areas of the Web site for which you need to log in, will not function properly, and the advertising you receive when you visit this Web site may not be advertisements tailored to your interests.BLP, its designated service providers, or third-party advertisers or their advertising servers may also place or recognize unique cookies on your computer or use other electronic tools in order to help display advertisements that you see on this Web site or on other websites. Information about your visits to, and activity on, this Web site and other websites, an IP address, the number of times you have viewed an advertisement, and other such usage information is used, alone or in combination with other information, to display on your device screen advertisements that may be of particular interest to you. We may use Web beacons, provided by third-party advertising companies, to help manage and optimize our online advertising and product performance. Web beacons enable us to recognize a browser's cookie when a browser visits this Web site, and to learn which banner ads bring users to this Web site. The use and collection of your information by these third-party service providers, and third-party advertisers and their advertising servers is not covered by this Privacy Policy. For information about online behavioral advertising networks and how to "opt out" of advertising cookies placed by the Network Advertising Initiative's ("NAI") member networks, please click here. Note that even if you opt out of cookies placed by the NAI member networks, you will still receive online advertising.

BLP's designated service providers assist BLP with advertisement display functions and related analytics for this Web site. For a list of these designated service providers and more information about their anonymous information collection and use practices, please click here.BLP may share your personal and other information with our affiliates (including affiliated websites under common ownership or control) and designated service providers. BLP may share with other third parties information about our Web site users, such as your use of this Web site or other websites, and the services provided on this Web site or other websites, but only on an anonymous and aggregate basis. Consistent with the choice you make when providing personal information, BLP may also share your personal information with a sponsor or other third party ("Third-Party Provider") that provides you with special offers or promotions that may be of interest to you. You may instruct BLP at any time not to share your personal information covered by this Privacy Policy with such Third-Party Providers by clicking here. Please note that (i) this opt-out process may take some time to complete, consistent with applicable law; and (ii) even after such opt-out process is completed, your personal and other information may continue to be shared with our affiliates (including affiliated websites under common ownership or control) and designated service providers.

If you participate in certain features of this Web site (e.g., sharing news stories of interest), please note that any information you or others voluntarily disclose through use of these features, becomes available to the public and/or other users whom you have designated. If you choose to provide access to designated individuals, please be aware that any information you post will be visible to such individuals for their use. Bloomberg is not responsible for the information that you or others choose to disclose publicly on this Web site, and neither Bloomberg's nor others' use of such information is subject to this Privacy Policy.

BLP may also disclose your personal and other information to unaffiliated third parties if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary: (a) to comply with the law or in response to a subpoena, court order, government request, or other legal process; (b) to produce relevant documents or information in connection with litigation, arbitration, mediation, adjudication, government or internal investigations, or other legal or administrative proceedings; (c) to protect the interests, rights, safety, or property of Bloomberg or others; (d) to enforce any terms of service on this Web site; (e) to provide you and other users of this Web site with the services or products requested by you and/or the other users (including allowing a purchaser of BLP or a BLP division to continue to serve you), and to perform other activities related to such services and products, including billing and collection; (f) to provide you with special offers or promotions from Bloomberg that may be of interest to you; or (g) to operate Bloomberg's systems properly.

The collection, further use, and/or disclosure of your information by Third-Party Providers or by other third parties is not the responsibility of Bloomberg. Rather, such collection, use, and/or disclosure is governed by the third parties' privacy policies.Any personal information you provide to BLP is kept on secure servers. BLP uses reasonable administrative, technical, personnel, and physical measures (a) to safeguard personal information against loss, theft, unauthorized use, disclosure, or modification; and (b) to ensure the integrity of the personal information. To help us protect your privacy, you should maintain the secrecy of the logon ID and password you may have set up in connection with your participation in this Web site's service.To access, review, rectify, or delete your personal information covered by this Privacy Policy, please contact us by clicking here. While BLP will make reasonable efforts to accommodate your request, we also reserve the right to impose certain restrictions and requirements on such access requests, if allowed or required by applicable laws.Some of the uses and disclosures mentioned in this Privacy Policy may involve the transfer of your personal information to various countries around the world that may have different levels of privacy protection than your country. By submitting your personal information, you consent to such transfers.BLP may provide links to third-party websites, including social networking websites. Since we do not control third-party sites and are not responsible for any information you may provide while on such sites, we encourage you to read the privacy policies on those websites before providing any of your information on such sites.If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us by clicking here.If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by BLP to its affiliates and/or third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
To make such a request, please send an email with your first name, last name, mailing address, email address and telephone number to privacy@bloomberg.com. Please include "California Privacy Rights" in the Subject line of your email.

You may also make such a request by writing to us at: Bloomberg L.P.
Attn: Legal Department
731 Lexington Avenue
New York, NY 10022BLP reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting revisions on this Web page. Such changes will be effective upon posting.Effective Date: This Privacy Policy was last revised on May 16, 2013
OfficeMax Incorporated (“OfficeMax,” “we,” “us” or “our”) provides this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) in order to make you aware of the privacy practices at our web sites that post this Privacy Policy (the “Web Sites”), and of the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used by OfficeMax.  This Privacy Policy only covers information collected at the Web Sites, and does not cover any information collected at any other web site or offline by OfficeMax (unless specifically stated).
Note, too, that there may be times where OfficeMax jointly collects your information with another party on a co-branded web site. In those cases, if this Privacy Policy is posted, it may only apply to how OfficeMax uses the information it collects through that co-branded web site, but the privacy policy of the other party may govern with regard to the use of technology or operation of the co-branded web site and its use of information collected on such co-branded web site.
The areas covered in this Privacy Policy are as follows:
What information does OfficeMax collect?
What technologies does OfficeMax use?
How is this information used by OfficeMax?
Sweepstakes and contest information
Survey information
Content you submit
Affiliate information
Information from third parties
Send to a friend
How is information shared with third parties?
Third parties providing services
Third party offers
Sweepstakes, contests and other promotions
Web Site analytics
Corporate change
Legal actions and law enforcement
EEOC/Affirmative action reporting
Security
Links to third party web sites
Consent to transfer
A note for parents
California Privacy Rights
What should I know about ads?
How might this Privacy Policy change in the future?
How can I access or change my Personally Identifiable Information?
How do I change my preferences about how my Personally Identifiable Information is shared?
How do I contact OfficeMax?
What is the list of third parties that we work with that provide an ability to opt-out?Through its Web Sites, OfficeMax collects "Personally Identifiable Information" which is any information that can be used to specifically identify an individual, such as your name, mailing address, e-mail address, telephone number, social security number or credit card number. Users may provide us with Personally Identifiable Information and certain demographic information (such as gender, zip code, hometown or similar information) through Web Site features, including, surveys, online registration forms, sweepstakes entries and bulletin boards. Additionally, when you visit our Web Sites our servers automatically collect certain information from you, such as the number of pages viewed and accessed, browser type and IP address. Most of this information is non-personally identifiable information, but if we connect it or demographic information with Personally Identifiable Information, we will treat it as Personally Identifiable Information. We also collect purchasing information from you when you make a purchase on one of the Web Sites.
Return to TopWe and our third-party service providers may use a variety of technologies that automatically (or passively) collect and/or store certain information whenever you visit or interact with our Web Sites. This information may be stored or accessed using a variety of technologies, including, without limitation, cookies, web beacons and JavaScript that may be downloaded to your personal computer, browser, laptop, tablet, mobile phone or other device ("Device"). This information may include:
your IP address, UDID or other unique identifier ("Device Identifier"). A Device Identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to your Device used to access the Web Sites, and our computers identify your Device by its Device Identifier;
your Device functionality (including browser, operating system, hardware, mobile network information);
the URL that referred you to our Web Sites;
the areas within our Web Sites that you visit and your activities there, including remembering you and your preferences;
your Device location;
your Device characteristics; and
certain other Device data, including the time of day, among other information.
We may use various methods and technologies to store or collect such information ("Tracking Technologies"). Tracking Technologies may set, change, alter or modify settings or configurations on your Device. A few of the Tracking Technologies, include, without limitation, the following (and subsequent technology and methods later developed):
Cookies. Cookies are small data files that are transferred to your computer (or other Internet-accessing device) when you visit the Web Sites. Cookies allow us to improve and enhance the Web Site and serve users more appropriate content. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies but you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent by indicating this in the preferences or options menu in your browser. However, it is possible that some parts of the Web Sites will not operate correctly if you disable cookies and you may not be able to take advantage of some of this Web Sites' features. You should consult with your browser's provider/manufacturer if you have any questions regarding disabling cookies.
Web Beacons. The Web Sites and any communications sent by the Web Sites may contain electronic images (generally, single-pixel ".gif" images) called "web beacons." These web beacons allow OfficeMax and third parties to monitor and collect certain information about the viewer of the web page, web-based document, e-mail message or other communication, such as the type of browser requesting the web beacon and the time the web beacon was viewed. We may use web beacons or similar technologies for a number of purposes, such as and without limitation, to count visitors to our web pages or to monitor how our users navigate this Web Sites and to count how many e-mails (or particular articles, links, etc.) we sent were actually opened.
Embedded Scripts. The Web Sites may also utilize embedded scripts which is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the Web Sites. The script is temporarily downloaded onto your computer from our web server or a third party service provider, is active only while you are connected to the Web Sites, and is deleted thereafter.
ETag, or entity tag. A feature of the cache in browsers. It is an opaque identifier assigned by a web server to a specific version of a resource found at a URL. If the resource content at that URL ever changes, a new and different ETag is assigned. Used in this manner ETags are a form of Device Identifier. ETag tracking may generate unique tracking values even where the consumer blocks HTTP, Flash, and/or HTML5 cookies.
We may use Tracking Technologies for a variety of purposes, including as follows:
Strictly Necessary. We may use cookies or other Tracking Technologies that we consider are strictly necessary to allow you to use and access our Service, including cookies required to prevent fraudulent activity, improve security or allow you to make use of shopping cart functionality.
Performance Related. We may use cookies or other Tracking Technologies that are useful in order to assess the performance of the Web Sites, including as part of our analytic practices or otherwise to improve the content, products or services offered through the Web Sites.
Functionality Related. We may use cookies or other Tracking Technologies that are required to offer you enhanced functionality when accessing the Web Sites, including identifying you when you sign in to our Web Sites or keeping track of our specified preferences, including in terms of the presentation of content on our Web Sites.
Targeting Related. We may use Tracking Technologies to deliver content, including ads, relevant to your interests on our Web Sites and third party sites based on how you interact with our advertisements or content. This includes using Tracking Technologies to understand the usefulness to you of the advertisements and content that has been delivered to you. OfficeMax offers you choices about receiving interest-based ads that come directly from us. To opt-out of targeted related advertising provided by OfficeMax, click here. If you opt-out, you may still see OfficeMax targeted ads on third party sites for reasons further explained below.
There may be other Tracking Technologies now and later devised and used by us in connection with the Web Sites. Further, third parties may use Tracking Technologies with our Web Sites. We may not control those third party Tracking Technologies and we are not responsible for them. However, you consent to potentially encountering third party Tracking Technologies in connection with use of our Web Sites and accept that our statements under this Privacy Policy do not apply to the Tracking Technologies or practices of such third parties. Even if you have previously opted-out of targeted related advertising provided by OfficeMax using the link above, third parties using Tacking Technologies on the Web Sites may still be able to send you targeted ads promoting OfficeMax. Further information on this, and your opt-out choices provided by these third parties, is found in the Section "What should I know about ads?" below and here.
Return to TopThe information OfficeMax collects is used by us to:
provide you with content, information or services you have requested, including newsletters, catalogs and other communications for which you have registered;
improve the content of the Web Sites;
customize the Web Sites' advertising and content for individual visitors;
notify you about updates to our Web Sites and in our discretion, changes to this Privacy Policy, our Terms of Use and other policies that affect your use of the Web Sites;
contact customers for marketing purposes;
administer and provide you with information and updates regarding customer loyalty and rewards programs;
provide you with investment-related information;
confirm or fulfill an order you have made or authorize or complete a transaction you have requested;
contact you with regard to a sweepstakes, contest or promotion in which you have participated;
provide you with offers, products or services from third parties which may be of value to you;
send you e-mail communications or otherwise contact you regarding your job search;
prepare governmental and internal statistics reports;
administer the Web Sites' systems and for other internal business purposes;
analyze customer purchasing habits;
comply with and monitor compliance with our Terms of Use and other applicable agreements and policies; and
for other purposes disclosed when you provide your information.
Sweepstakes and contest information:
We conduct sweepstakes, contests and promotions, which ask visitors for contact information (name, e-mail address, mailing address, etc.) and demographic information (zip code, age, income level, etc.). Participation is optional. Contact information collected through sweepstakes, contests and promotions is used to request more information in relation to the sweepstakes, contest or promotion or as otherwise permitted under this Privacy Policy.
Survey information:
We may on occasion seek information on our customer base via electronic or print surveys. Participation is optional. Survey contact information (name, e-mail address, mailing address, etc.) is used to request more information in relation to the survey or as otherwise permitted under this Privacy Policy.
Content you submit:
OfficeMax may publish your name, voice and likeness and other Personally Identifiable Information in connection with any submissions you may make to our Web Sites as set forth in our Terms of Use.
Affiliate information:
OfficeMax offers an affiliate program for qualified web sites. Participation is optional and based on OfficeMax approval. Application information is used to determine eligibility in the OfficeMax affiliate program. Account information of approved affiliates is maintained for the purposes of communication between OfficeMax and its affiliates.
Information from third parties:
We may receive information about you from other sources; for example, we may obtain geographic or demographic information, or information regarding your possible interests, from third parties, or we may receive information from a marketing partner in connection with a co-branded web site or promotion. We may use this information for a variety of purposes, including to enhance our ability to serve you and to tailor content. We may combine the information we receive from those other sources with information we collect through the Web Sites. In those cases, we will apply this Privacy Policy to any Personally Identifiable Information received, unless otherwise specifically disclosed by us at the time you provide your Personally Identifiable Information.
Send to a friend:
If you send a friend a communication from the Web Sites, the information you provide (names, e-mail addresses, phone numbers, etc.) is used on a one-time basis to facilitate the communication and is not used for any other marketing purpose, unless we obtain additional consent.
Return to TopWe may share non-personally identifiable information and other web site usage information with our business partners and third parties. In addition, we may share Personally Identifiable Information as disclosed at the time you provide your information, as set forth in this Privacy Policy and in the following circumstances:
Third parties providing services:
We may employ third parties to perform certain functions and services on our behalf, for example, hosting or operating the Web Sites, fulfilling orders for products and services purchased through the Web Sites, sending e-mail and/or other communications, data analysis, marketing assistance, tracking the Web Sites' activities and analytics, credit card payment processing, and customer service. These third parties may have access to your information, including Device Identifiers and Personally Identifiable Information for the purpose of performing such functions and services on OfficeMax's behalf. Third-party analytics and other service providers may set and access their own Tracking Technologies on your Device and they may otherwise collect or have access to information about you, potentially including Personally Identifiable Information, about you. We are not responsible for those third party technologies or activities arising out of them. However, some may offer you certain choices regarding their practices, and information we have been informed of regarding such choices is available here. We are not responsible for the effectiveness of or compliance with any third parties' opt-out options.
Third party offers:
From time to time, OfficeMax partners with third parties to provide users of the Web Sites with offers, products or services which may be of value to our users. In such instances, we will share, sell or rent a user's Personally Identifiable Information, such as name, mailing address, phone number and ordering information, with a third party to enable them to notify the user of the offer, product or service, unless you have told us not to share your information. We will never rent your email address. Also, OfficeMax may share certain information related to your account and payment history with third parties who use this information to generate data deemed relevant for business decision-making, including making determinations of creditworthiness.
If you do not wish to have your information shared with third parties, please see How do I change my preferences about how my Personally Identifiable Information is shared? below to learn how to notify OfficeMax.
Sweepstakes, contests and other promotions:
If you choose to enter a sweepstakes, contest or other promotion on the Web Sites, we may disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to third parties in connection with the administration of such promotion, including, without limitation, in connection with winner selection, prize fulfillment, and as required by law, such as on a winners list. Also, by entering a promotion, you are agreeing to the official rules that govern that promotion, which may contain specific requirements of you, including, except where prohibited by law, allowing the sponsor(s) of the promotion to use your name, voice and/or likeness in advertising or marketing associated with the promotion.
Web Site analytics:
On a regular basis, OfficeMax may send some or all of the information gathered by our Web Sites' analytics collection processes to a company that works on our behalf to provide us with a service that assists us in analyzing this information.
Corporate change:
OfficeMax may share the Personally Identifiable Information collected through the Web Sites with and among its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates. OfficeMax or any of its assets, including the Web Sites, may be sold, or other transactions may occur in which your Personally Identifiable Information is one of the key business assets for the transaction. In such a case, your Personally Identifiable Information may be one of the business assets we transfer. Hence, OfficeMax reserves the right to disclose and transfer Personally Identifiable Information in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of substantially all of our assets, or other corporate change.
Legal actions and law enforcement:
We may disclose your Personally Identifiable Information, in the event we are required to respond to subpoenas, court orders, legal process or other valid law enforcement measures; to comply with a legal obligation; at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation; to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing the Web Sites and applicable laws; or to protect the legal rights, interests, or safety of the Web Sites, our users or others. We may also use information collected on our Web Sites to identify users, and may do so in cooperation with copyright owners, internet service providers, wireless service providers or law enforcement agencies in our discretion. Such disclosures may be carried out without notice to you.

EEOC/Affirmative action reporting:
In conjunction with laws and regulations enforced by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission ("EEOC"), the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs ("OFCCP") and similar state and local regulatory agencies, we may ask you to provide us with self-identifying information (such as veteran status, gender and ethnicity). Providing such self-identifying information is voluntary, but if you do provide us with such information, we may submit that information to the EEOC, the OFCCP and similar state and local regulatory agencies for business-related purposes, including, but not limited to, responding to information requests, fulfilling regulatory reporting requirements and defending against employment related complaints.
Security:
Our Web Sites take commercially reasonable steps to secure the information you provide, including encrypting payment information that you transmit through our Web Sites. However, no data transmission over the Internet, or wireless transmission, or electronic storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Therefore, please know that any information you transmit to or through our Web Sites you do at your own risk.
Links to third party web sites:
The Web Sites contains information on a wide variety of products and services. We also provide links to partner, affiliate, and manufacturer sites for additional information on their products and services. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of any third party web sites and do not make any representations regarding how such web sites use customer information.
Consent to transfer
The Web Sites are operated in the United States. If you are located in the European Union, Canada or elsewhere outside of the United States, please be aware that any information you provide to us will be processed in and transferred to the United States. By using the Web Sites or providing us with your information, you consent to this transfer and to the processing and storage of your information in the United States, a jurisdiction in which the privacy laws may not be as comprehensive as those in the country where you reside and/or are a citizen.
A note for parents
The Web Sites are general audience web sites. We do not knowingly collect any Personally Identifiable Information from children younger than the age of thirteen (13) on the Web Sites and we will delete any Personally Identifiable Information later determined to be from a user younger than thirteen (13).
California Privacy Rights
Pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, residents of California have the right to request from a business, with whom the California resident has an established business relationship, certain information with respect to the types of personal information the business shares with third parties for direct marketing purposes by such third party and the identities of the third parties with whom the business has shared such information during the immediately preceding calendar year.
To request a copy of the information disclosure provided by OfficeMax pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, please contact OfficeMax by calling us at the telephone number below, writing to us at the address below or e-mailing us at the e-mail address below under How do I contact OfficeMax?
To change your preferences about how your Personally Identifiable Information is shared, please see the instructions below under How do I change my preferences about how my Personally Identifiable Information is shared?
Return to TopWe may use third parties such as network advertisers and ad exchanges to serve advertisements across the Internet and may use third party analytics service providers to evaluate and provide us and/or third parties with information about the use of these ads on third party sites and viewing of ads and of our content. Network advertisers are third parties that display advertisements, which may be based on your activities across the Internet and mobile media ("Behavioral Ads"). In addition, we may serve ads on our Web Sites based on your usage information ("Contextual Ads"). Behavioral Ads and Contextual Ads enable us to target advertisements to you for products and services in which you might be interested. If you object to Contextual Ads, do not use our Web Sites. If you object to receiving Behavioral Ads from us on third party sites, you can learn more about your ability to limit Behavioral Ads below.
Our third party ad network and exchange providers, the advertisers, the sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may themselves set and access their own cookies (including Flash cookies), web beacons and other Tracking Technologies on your Device and track certain behavioral usage information regarding users of your Device via a Device Identifier. These third party Tracking Technologies may be set to, among other things: (a) help deliver advertisements to you that you might be interested in; (b) prevent you from seeing the same advertisements too many times; and (c) understand the usefulness to you of the advertisements that have been delivered to you.
OfficeMax offers you choices about receiving interest-based ads that come directly from us. To opt-out of targeted related advertising provided by OfficeMax, click here. If you opt-out, you may still see OfficeMax targeted ads on third party sites for reasons further explained below.
Third-party Tracking Technologies are not controlled by us, even those used to serve our ads. Statements regarding our practices do not apply to the methods for collecting information used by these third party advertisers and others or the use of the information that such third parties collect. We do however work with third parties to make efforts to have you provided with information on their practices and any available opportunity to exercise choice. The relevant third party's terms of service, privacy policy, permissions, notices and choices should be reviewed regarding their collection, storage and sharing practices. We make no representations regarding the policies or practices of third party advertisers or advertising networks or exchanges or related third parties.
However, some third parties may offer you certain choices regarding their practices, and information we have been informed of regarding such choices is available here. Further, while we and third party sites may use a variety of companies to serve advertisements, you may wish to visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp, which provides information regarding this practice by Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") members, and your choices regarding having this information used by these companies, including the "opt-out" procedures of NAI members. Opting out of one or more NAI members only means that those NAI members no longer will be allowed under their own rules to deliver Behavioral Ads to you, but does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content and/or ads. Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit this opt-out page, or you subsequently erase your cookies, use a different Device or change web browsers, your NAI opt-out may not, or may no longer, be effective. Additional information is available on the NAI's web site accessible by the above link. You may also opt-out of receiving Behavioral Ads on participating sites and services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA") website at http://www.aboutads.info/choices/#completed. Similar limitations may apply to the DAA opt-out. We are not responsible for effectiveness of or compliance with any third parties' opt-out options or programs.
Return to TopIf our information practices change at some time in the future, we will post the revised privacy policy on the Web Sites with an updated "Effective Date" to notify you of these changes. If there are material changes to this Privacy Policy or in how OfficeMax will use your Personally Identifiable Information, we will notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to be informed of how OfficeMax is protecting your information.
Return to TopUpon request, we offer you the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in your contact information. Customers can have this information corrected by calling us at the telephone number below, writing to us at the address below or e-mailing us at the e-mail address below under How do I contact OfficeMax?
Return to TopTo remove your name from our marketing lists or if you'd prefer not to have your name, mailing address or purchasing information shared with other companies, let us know your preferences by calling us at the telephone number below, writing to us at the address below or e-mailing us at the e-mail address below under How do I contact OfficeMax?
Return to TopOfficeMax Corporate Headquarters
Attention: Direct Mailing Lists
263 Shuman Blvd.
Naperville, IL 60563
We can also be reached at 1-800-283-7674 or by email at online@officemax.com.
Return to TopThe following third parties we have engaged or otherwise allow to interact with the Websites have given us notice that you may obtain information on their policies and practices, and in some instances opt-out of certain of their activities, as follows:
Party	Service	For More Information	Use of Tracking Technologies	Privacy Choices
Google/Doubleclick	Google Analytics for Display Advertisers, Ads Preferences Manager, and Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on
http://support.google.com/anal
ytics/bin/answer.py?hl=en&topi
c=2611283&answer=2700409
http://www.google.com/setting
s/ads/onweb/?hl=en&sig=ACi0T
Cg8VN3Fad5_pDOsAS8a4
https://tools.google.com/dlpag
e/gaoptout/
Yes	See information links in prior column.
Dotomi	Online Marketing Services, Behavioral Advertising
http://www.dotomi.com/priva
cy/
http://www.networkadvertising
.org/choices
Yes	See information links in prior column.
PLEASE NOTE: We are not responsible for third-party policies or practices. We try to keep this information current, and will add to and subtract from the chart above as appropriate, but it is provided as a courtesy and may not be current or accurate. Please contact the applicable third parties regarding their privacy and data security policies and practices.The Shabdkosh Windows 8 app (the “app”) transmits information about users such as their IP address, their access and time of such access of Shabdkosh.com online dictionary or locally installed data/files. The server(s) from which such services are provided may also record the queries searched. The search queries, frequency of searches and the user agent activity is monitored to detect systematic copying of content, which is considered violation of copyright.

At no time and under no circumstance is any available personally identifiable information of the users (registered or otherwise) is shared with 3rd parties for commercial or non-commercial purposes.

We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you use the app. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, visit Google ad and content network privacy policy.

Specifically, Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to the users of this site based on their visit to this site and other sites on the Internet. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.

The app also provides advertising from Microsoft Advertising program. Please refer to https://choice.microsoft.com for Microsoft Corporation's privacy policy for the advertisements you may see in this app.The trademarks, logos, and service marks (collectively the “Trademarks”) displayed on shabdkosh.com, shabdkosh.in and m.shabdkosh.com (Web Site) are registered and unregistered trademarks of its affiliates and others. You can view trademarks owned related to this Web Site by on Trademarkia at this link: http://www.trademarkia.com/shabdkosh-85513305.html Nothi.ng contained on this Web Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on this Web Site without the written permission of or such third party that may own the trademark displayed on this Web Site. Your misuse of the Trademarks displayed on this Web Site, or any other content on this Web Site, except as provided herein, is strictly prohibited.This Web site contains links to other Web sites which are not under the control of and are not maintained by the owners of the Web site. No responsibility is accepted for the content of those sites. These links are provided for your convenience only, and the material on these sites is not necessarily endorsed.Great efforts are made to ensure the accuracy of the information on this Web site, but this does not guarantee that there are no errors. The documents and information provided on this Web site may contain technical inaccuracies and typographical errors. The information provided may at times be out of date or inaccurate. The content of this website may be modified without notice. No claims, promises or warranties, express or implied, are made about the accuracy, completeness or fitness for purpose of any material on this Web site. No claims, promises or warranties, express or implied, are made about the reliability of the access to this Web site. No liability of any description is accepted, including liability for negligence, for any direct, indirect, special or consequential damages or losses (including but not limited to loss of business, revenue, profits, or consequential loss) resulting from the use of or the inability to use this Web site. Liability for errors and omissions in the contents of this Web site is expressly disclaimed. No liability is accepted for any failure to keep the information in these documents up-to-date, and no responsibility is accepted for keeping the information in these documents up-to-date. The material in this Web site does not constitute advice and you should not rely on any material in this Web site to make (or refrain from making) any decision or take (or refrain from taking) any action. Nothing that can have an adverse effect on the UserThe http://www.shabdkosh.com web site or its alternative website such as m.shabdkosh.com (the “web site”) records information about registered users such as their username, password, email, their activities on the user forums and messages sent to owners of the website and to other users. This web site also records the IP address and/or username of users that contribute/vote or use the contribute system in the collaborative dictionary. The server(s) on which this web site is hosted also records the IP address and surfing activity (including but not limited to the queries searches in the dictionary). The search queries, frequency of searches and the user agent (browser, automated browsing software, spiders) activity is monitored to detect systematic copying of content (which is considered violation of copyright). At no time and under no circumstance is any available personally identifiable information of the users (registered or otherwise) is shared with 3rd parties for commercial gain.

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, visit Google ad and content network privacy policy.

Specifically, Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to the users of this site based on their visit to this site and other sites on the Internet. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.Unless otherwise specified, the copyright in the contents of all of the documents on this Web site is owned by the owner(s) of the domains of the Web site and all rights are reserved. Title to copyright in the contents of all of the documents on this Web site will at all times remain with the copyright owner. Users are permitted to copy some material for their personal use as private individuals only. No part of the data is to be republished either on another Web site or in any other medium, print, electronic or otherwise, or as part of any commercial service, without the prior written permission of the copyright owner. If you require any further information on permitted use, then please use the contact form.These terms and conditions (the ‘Terms') govern your use of any or all of the documents that comprise the Web sites known as shabdkosh.com and/or shabdkosh.org (the “Web site”). Please read through the Terms. If you do not agree with the Terms, then do not use the Web site. If you do use the Web site, then your use indicates that you agree to be bound by the Terms. Changes may be made in these terms and conditions at any time and without notice; users are bound by such revisions and should therefore visit this page periodically to review the current Terms and Conditions.Data Protection & Privacy Policy

PRIVACY POLICY
(Effective & last modified August 26, 2010)
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE OR OTHER SERVICES THAT WE PROVIDE. BY ACCESSING OR USING OUR WEBSITE OR OUR SERVICES (OTHER THAN TO READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY FOR THE FIRST TIME), YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY.

Red Bull India Pvt. Ltd. (“Red Bull”, "we”, “us and “our") offers you access to its interactive online websites. This Privacy Policy, together with our Terms of Use and any additional terms which might apply to certain products or services, govern your use of our websites and any other online services we provide (collectively, “Website”). Our Website includes www.redbull.in and all other locations on which we place this Privacy Policy.
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting the personally identifiable information you provide us through our Website. We have adopted this Privacy Policy to detail:
• the types of information we collect when you use our Website
• how we use the information we collect from you
• the instances in which we may share your information with others
• the choices and options you have to restrict our collection and/or sharing of your informationOur Website typically collects two kinds of information about you: (a) information that you provide that personally identifies you; and (b) information that does not personally identify you, but that we automatically collect when you visit our Website or that you provide us.
(1) Personally Identifiable Information: Our definition of personally identifiable information includes any information that may be used to specifically identify or contact you, such as your name, mail address, phone number, etc. As a general policy, we do not automatically collect your personally identifiable information when you visit our Website. In certain circumstances, we may request, allow or otherwise provide you an opportunity to submit your personally identifiable information in connection with a feature, program, promotion or some other aspect of our Website. For instance, you may: (a) provide your name, mail/shipping address, email address, credit card number and phone number when registering with our Website, using our online store, or in connection with a contest entry; (b) provide certain demographic information about you (e.g., age, gender, purchase preference, usage frequency, etc.) when participating in a survey, poll or joining a club; or (c) post a general comment and/or recommendation on our Website. Whether or not you provide this information is your choice; however, in many instances this type of information is required to participate in the particular activity, realize a benefit we may offer, or gain access to certain content on our Website.

(2) Non-Personally Identifiable Information: Our definition of non-personally identifiable information is any information that does not personally identify you. Non-personal information can include certain personally identifiable information that has been de-identified; that is, information that has been rendered anonymous. We obtain non-personally identifiable information about you from information that you provide us. We also automatically collect certain non-personally identifiable information from you when you access our Website – e.g., IP addresses, your web browser, which website you were on before you visited our Website, your computer operating system, the search terms you use on our Website, the specific web pages you visit, and the duration of your visits.(1) Personally Identifiable Information: The personally identifiable information you submit to us is generally used to carry out your requests, respond to your inquiries, better serve you, or in other ways naturally associated with the circumstances in which you provided the information. We may also use this information to later contact you for a variety of reasons, such as customer service, providing you promotional information for our products or events or those of our parent company, subsidiaries or other affiliated companies (“"affiliated companies”"), or to communicate with you about content or other information you have posted or shared with us via our Website. You may opt-out from receiving future promotional information from us or our affiliated companies, or direct that we not share your information with any affiliated companies, as set forth below in Section I.
In certain instances we may also share your personally identifiable information with our third party vendors performing functions on our behalf (or on behalf of our affiliated companies) – e.g., vendors that process credit card orders, administer our promotions, provide us marketing or promotional assistance, analyze our data, assist us with customer service, etc. Our vendors agree to use this information, and we share information with them, only to carry out our requests. In addition, we may share your personally identifiable information with third parties such as our co-promotional partners and others with whom we have marketing or other relationships. Unless we specifically tell you otherwise in this Privacy Policy or when you submit the information, we will not sell your personally identifiable without your prior approval.

(2) Non-Personally Identifiable Information: We use non-personally identifiable information in a variety of ways, including to help analyze site traffic, understand customer needs and trends, carry out targeted promotional activities (see “Preference Based Advertising” below), and to improve our services. We may use your non-personally identifiable information by itself or aggregate it with information we have obtained from others. We may share your non-personally identifiable information with our affiliated companies and third parties to achieve these objectives and others.(1) Cookies and Web Beacons: We automatically receive and store certain types of non-personally identifiable information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many websites, we use "cookies" and "web beacons" (also called “clear gifs” or “pixel tags”) to obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses our Website. "Cookies" are small files that we transfer to your computer's hard drive or your web browser memory to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide convenience and other features to you. "Web beacons" are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and may be used to track the online movements of users, when an email has been opened, and to provide other information.
If you are concerned about the storage and use of cookies, you may be able to direct your internet browser to notify you and seek approval whenever a cookie is being sent to your web browser or hard drive. You may also delete a cookie manually from your hard drive through your internet browser or other programs. Please note, however, that some parts of our Website will not function properly or be available to you if you refuse to accept a cookie or choose to disable the acceptance of cookies.

(2) Preference Based Advertising: We may work with third party advertising networks that use cookies and web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information when you visit our Website and third party sites. This non-personally identifiable information is typically used by these advertising networks to analyze your online activities for purposes of serving you with advertisements (while on our Website or third party sites) tailored to meet your preferences. If you do not wish to participate in this activity, please click here and follow the simple opt-out process.
A couple of important notes about this opt-out tool: (1) it includes all the advertising networks that Red Bull may work with, but also many that Red Bull does not work with; and (2) it typically relies on cookies to ensure that a given advertising network does not collect information about you (“Opt-out Cookies”) – for a general explanation of how Opt-out Cookies work, please click here. So, if you buy a new computer, change web browsers or delete these Opt-out Cookies from your computer, you may need to perform the opt-out task again.(1) IP Addresses: An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Internet. Web servers (computers that "serve up" web pages) automatically identify your computer by its IP address. When visitors request pages from our Website, our servers typically log their IP addresses. IP addresses are considered non-personally identifiable information and may also be shared as provided above. It is not our practice to link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable; that is, the visitor's session will be logged, but the visitor remains anonymous to us. However, we reserve the right to use IP addresses to identify a visitor when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our Website rules or to: (a) fulfill a government request; (b) conform with the requirements of the law or legal process; (c) protect or defend our legal rights or property, our Website, or other users; or (d) in an emergency to protect the health and safety of our Website's users or the general public.

(2) Email Communications: If you send us an email with questions or comments, we may use your personally identifiable information to respond to your questions or comments, and we may save your questions or comments for future reference. For security reasons, we do not recommend that you send non-public personal information, such as passwords, social security numbers, or bank account information, to us by email. We may email you for many reasons, including, without limitation, emails in response to your request for a particular service or your registration for a feature that involves email communications, emails that relate to purchases you have made with us (e.g., product updates, customer support, etc.), informational emails about our other products, services, or events, or when you consent to being contacted by email for a particular purpose. In certain instances, we may provide you with the option to set your preferences for receiving email communications from us; that is, agree to some communications but not others. You may "opt out" of receiving future promotional emails from us by clicking the "unsubscribe" link included at the bottom of most emails we send, or as provided below.

(3) Transfer of Assets: As we continue to develop our business, we may sell or purchase assets. If another entity acquires us or all (or substantially all) of our assets, the personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information we have about you will be transferred to and used by this acquiring entity, though we will take reasonable steps to ensure that your preferences are followed. Also, if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us, all such information may be considered an asset of ours and as such may be sold or transferred to third parties.

(4) Other: We always reserve the right to disclose any personally identifiable or non-personally identifiable information about you if we are required to do so by law, with respect to copyright and other intellectual property infringement claims, or if we believe that such action is necessary to: (a) fulfill a government request; (b) conform with the requirements of the law or legal process; (c) protect or defend our legal rights or property, our Website, or other users; or (d) in an emergency to protect the health and safety of our Website's users or the general public.We may offer chat rooms, blogs, message boards, bulletin boards, or similar public forums where you and other users of our Website can communicate. The protections described in this Privacy Policy do not apply when you provide information (including personal information) in connection with your use of these public forums. We may use personally identifiable and non-personally identifiable information about you to identify you with a posting in a public forum. Any information you share in a public forum is public information and may be seen or collected by anyone, including third parties that do not adhere to our Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for events or consequences arising from the distribution of any information you choose to publicly post or share through our Website.The features, programs, promotions and other aspects of our Website requiring the submission of personally identifiable information are not intended for children. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 and believe he or she has disclosed personally identifiable information to us please Contact Us. A parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 may review and request deletion of such child's personally identifiable information as well as prohibit the use thereof.We have implemented security measures we consider reasonable and appropriate to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Please be advised, however, that while we strive to protect your personally identifiable information and privacy, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us online and are not responsible for the theft, destruction, or inadvertent disclosure of your personally identifiable information. In the unfortunate event that your "personally identifiable information" (as the term or similar terms are defined by any applicable law requiring notice upon a security breach) is compromised, we may notify you by e-mail (at our sole and absolute discretion) to the last e-mail address you have provided us in the most expedient time reasonable under the circumstances; provided, however, delays in notification may occur while we take necessary measures to determine the scope of the breach and restore reasonable integrity to the system as well as for the legitimate needs of law enforcement if notification would impede a criminal investigation. From time to time we evaluate new technology for protecting information, and when appropriate, we upgrade our information security systems.Our Website may link to or contain links to other third party websites that we do not control or maintain, such as in connection with purchasing products referenced on our Website and banner advertisements. We are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by any third party website. We encourage you to note when you leave our Website and to read the privacy statements of all third party websites before submitting any personally identifiable information.You may Contact Us if: (a) you have questions or comments about our Privacy Policy; (b) wish to make corrections to any personally identifiable information you have provided; (c) want to opt-out from receiving future commercial correspondence, including emails, from us or our affiliated companies; or (d) wish to withdraw your consent to sharing your personally 
identifiable information with others.
We will respond to your request and, if applicable and appropriate, make the requested change in our active databases as soon as reasonably practicable. Please note that we may not be able to fulfill certain requests while allowing you access to certain benefits and features of our Website.Since our business changes constantly, this Privacy Policy will also change from time to time. We will provide you notice of any such changes by posting the new policy on our Website. If, at any point, we decide to use your personally identifiable information in a manner materially different than what was stated in our Privacy Policy at the time it was collected, we will notify you of this change by e-mail to the last e-mail address provided to us. You will have a choice (via an opt-out opportunity) as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the Privacy Policy under which your information was collected if you opt out of the new policy.This Privacy Policy as posted on this Website is the sole statement of our privacy policy with respect to this Website, and no summary, modification, restatement or other version thereof, or other privacy statement or policy, in any form, is valid unless we post a new or revised policy to the Website.
************************************
If you are contacted by an individual or company claiming to be Red Bull and offering you employment, gift cards or some other promotion in exchange for personal information and/or payment - PLEASE DISREGARD as they are not authorized Red Bull representatives or programs, and may be an unlawful attempt to obtain your information or money.UBM LLC Privacy Policy

Effective: September 8, 2011This Privacy Policy covers information which you give us, UBM LLC ("UBM Tech" or "we"), about yourself and your professional background as you register for or attend our face-to-face events around the world, as you visit or participate in any of our web sites or online venues hosted on servers in the United States, or subscribe to any of our print publications distributed in the United States, or volunteer information in any social media context. We will post or display a link to this UBM Privacy Policy on all forms and all online pages to which it is applicable.

An increasing number or our websites allow you to publish or share content including information which identifies you.  In many cases, this Policy will govern how UBM Tech uses the information you provide and what choices you have about its publication.

Our business includes creating opportunities for you to access other companies' information and resources. When we work with other companies to build co-branded web sites, virtual events, sponsored webinars, or in any way that allows you to connect directly with that other company, we will include a link to this Policy and to the other company's Privacy Policy as well. Our Policy will govern our collection and use of information about you. We recommend that you read the partner's Policy as well to learn how that company will treat the information you provide.We rely on the information you provide to us – as you register, contact us, participate in surveys, post comments to public areas of and interact with our web sites, respond to our email campaigns, and participate in webinars or online events. We may also add data from external sources. We will add information about how you interact with our offerings – your subscriptions, the events you attend, and the like.

We may work to expand our communities by acquiring names and contact details from other sources that have compiled contact information. This information might be public information or data you provided with necessary permissions. We may also invite you to join our communities via third party social and professional networking sites.We also use cookies and common data collection technologies, including web beacons and clear GIFs associated with cookies, on our web pages, in newsletters, and in our email campaigns to collect information both on an aggregate and individual basis.

Some of our web sites use Adobe Flash to provide video content, and the Adobe Flash Player has the ability to separately store information about that particular Flash application. We do not associate this Adobe Flash stored information with you as an individual. Please see the Adobe Flash Player Help page for additional information about controlling the settings of the Adobe Flash Player on your computer.

We gather date, time, certain information about a user's browser and system or device configuration and capabilities, navigation history and IP address for all visitors to our web sites. We use this information for our internal security audit log, for trend analysis and system administration and to gather broad information about our audiences and their geographic locations.

Please see More Information About Cookies, for additional details about how we use cookies that identify you, which third party advertisers and advertising networks we allow to serve third party advertising displayed on our sites or to display our ads to you once you have left our web pages, and how to control cookies or their use for serving targeted advertising.We use information about you:

to provide the services, publications, and information you request and to manage your account with us.
to deliver or display content that matches your professional interests and responsibilities.
to contact you with information about and invitations for products and services – ours and other companies' - directed to your professional interests and responsibilities.
to offer you opportunities to connect directly with your peers and with sellers of technology that may be of interest to you.
for any other purpose that we tell you about when you give us the information.You have a choice about and control over:
Connecting directly with other companies for marketing purposes. In addition to providing you with our own editorial content, we offer you the opportunity to access others' branded content and expertise. When you choose to take advantage of that content or expertise, you choose to have your name and contact details transferred directly to that other company. We will put you in direct contact with another company or companies when you choose to:
Register for certain registration-only, or “gated” communities. Access to technical resources provided or sponsored by another company is contingent on your agreement that your contact details may be shared with the other company. We may track your interest in that company's content or our own content over time and disclose your interest to that company.
Register for a specific webcast, online event, web site, newsletter, or other offering which is sponsored or co-sponsored by another company.
Register for one of our virtual events with a number of exhibitors. We may give your name and contact details to all exhibitors and give the exhibitor whose booths and resources you access a record of your visits and interaction with content from that exhibitor.
Attend one of our face-to-face events. Exhibitors may be given an attendance list for the event. It is up to you, however, to decide whether to leave your business card or allow your badge to be read by a particular exhibitor – the badges cannot be read remotely. A sponsor of a special, sponsored conference session will also be given information about you if you choose to attend that company's session. Your future interaction with online content from an exhibitor or sponsor to whom you provided your contact data to may also be tracked and disclosed to that exhibitor or sponsor.We offer web sites that allow you to publish content.  Many of these blog sites require that you register if you wish to comment.  We will publish the user name you provide at registration when you comment.  Some sites allow you to create a public profile as well.
Our online event venues also require that you register and allow you to have both public and closed communications with exhibitors and other participants.  Information that identifies you will be published or shared according to your choices.
In addition, we may create online membership communities that allow you to create and publish your profile and other information.  These communities may provide privacy controls which allow you to choose how much of your profile and other information to make public or to share with others within the community.  As a professional, you remain responsible for locating the privacy controls (usually available on the page from which you can edit your profile), understanding how those controls, including default settings, work and protecting the information you provide.You may opt out of our email marketing lists by following the directions at the bottom of our promotional emails.  Please note that we have a number of brands and products and allow you to opt out selectively. To remove a specific email address from all UBM Tech email marketing you may click on this UBM-wide opt out link, or you may send a request to privacyrequests@ubm.com.
Please note that you may receive email marketing messages from us about other companies' offerings as part of a list rental or partner marketing programs - but only if you have given us permission to do so. We do not disclose your contact details to the partners, and we do not sell your data. You have the option of contacting the other company directly if you click on the links within the email. To opt out of our partner marketing programs, you may follow the instructions at the bottom of any email we send you as part of the program.

Whether your account information is up to date. Please help us keep your account information up to date. To contact us about a print subscription, or to cancel the subscription, please check the UBM LLC information (the “masthead”) inside the print publication. You may update most online registrations by consulting the particular web site itself or visiting a preference page after you have logged on to the site.You also have choices about cookies:

Our cookies. We place cookies that identify you, or allow third parties to do so on our behalf, for the following purposes:
to recognize you automatically when you return to a gated community.
to understand your interests in content, both our own content and that of other companies, on or across our web sites
to control access to gated online events including webinars and virtual events.
to make an automated record of your interests within a virtual event.
to manage and follow up on email campaigns.

You may use the tools in your browser to decline, disable, or delete any cookies.

You will still be able to log on to a gated community if you decline or delete our persistent cookie that enables automatic recognition. If you disable the session cookie for our gated sites you may remain on the site but you will not be able to access (download) any gated content. You must accept the session cookie used to manage access to registration-only online events for the duration of your participation in the event.

Third party advertising cookies. We allow other companies to serve ads on our web pages. We do not control their use of cookies or other data collection technologies or practices.

The divisions of UBM LLC currently allow the following third party ad servers to serve ads on our web pages: BBN Networks; Bizo, Inc. and Google AdSense.  Some companies, such as Bizo, Inc. and Google Adsense, may offer additional choices about your preferences. Please visit each of their web sites for more information about the technologies they use and their privacy practices.
Many of the third party ad serving companies that serve ads to our web sites are members of the Network Advertising Initiative. The NAI offers useful information about ad networks and a single place to turn off targeted ad serving from any of its members.

We may add or change the list of Third Party Advertisers from time to time without changing the effective date of the Statement itself. We urge you to check this section for changes regularly.We reserve the right to disclose information about you to third parties in certain circumstances: to vendors that work on our behalf, to law enforcement or other entities that present valid legal process, to protect human safety or our networks or property, or as part of a sale or our merger of business assets.UBM LLC is a subsidiary of UBM plc.

We collect and process information on servers around the world.

We use reasonable administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect personal information against theft, loss, or misuse. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or storage can be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure. As a result, while we strive to protect information about you and your professional interests, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you submit to us. You remain responsible for protecting your user name and passwords and for the security of information in transit to us over the Internet.

This Privacy Policy covers how we use information you provide. We cannot control how others may use information you may make public on our sites, for example, on professional networking sites or sites inviting user-generated content, in forums, at virtual events, or user-generated blogs.

Please note that virtual events may mimic face-to-face events by automatically displaying information about you to other participants in the event. We cannot control how other participants use that displayed information, so please take a moment to make sure you understand how a particular virtual event works and what choices you have within the environment.

Our products, services, events and offerings are directed to professionals. If we create a special offering for children under the age of thirteen, we will also create privacy practices and policies appropriate for that age group.We will post and date any changes to this Privacy Policy. Please check here periodically. Your continued use of our products and services covered by this Policy constitutes your consent to the practices in place at the time of your use.For questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact:
privacyrequests@ubm.com, or
UBM LLC
Attn: UBM Legal
240 West 35th Street, 8th Floor
New York, New York, 10001Terms & ConditionsBTC-e provides an online tool that allows users to freely trade Bitcoins for a number of different currencies worldwide. The Terms of Use described here apply to all transactions and activities engaged by the users of this website, data gathered, private messeges, online chat between the users and support BTC-e.BTC-e will always attempt to keep its users informed of any changes to the website. However, BTC-e may terminate, change, suspend or discontinue any aspect of this website, including the availability of features of the site, at any time. BTC-e may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict your access to part or the entire website without prior notice or liability.All contents of the BTC-e website, including, but not limited to, text, names, data, logos, buttons, icons, code, methods, techniques, models, graphics and the underlying software (the "Components"), are proprietary of BTC-e and are protected by the patent, copyright, trademark. Nothing contained in this website shall be used in any form unless expressly stated by BTC-e.BTC-e will not share, publish, or sell any user data contained in its databases. However, BTC-e may be requested at any time to share trade data including, but not restricted to, emails, user transactions, and trade data by government authorities. BTC-e will not deny such requests and cannot be held responsible for the leakage of information by third parties whether the action was performed intentionally or not. We are prohibited from using multiple accounts.In order to pay for server space, bandwidth, programmers, designers, and other costs, BTC-e imposes a standard: Fee - 0.2% - 0.5%. fee on every transaction performed by all users of the website. This transaction may vary and may be different for each individual account.BTC-e does not provide advice for its users on trading techniques, models, algorithms or similar. Occasionally, BTC-e may publish best practices or recommendations publicly to all its users or privately to users expressly requesting assistance. Users of this website are responsible for the outcome of their actions with their account balances. Users are also responsible for protecting access information to the Website including, but not limited to, user names, passwords, and bank account details. BTC-e is not responsible for the outcome, whether positive or negative, of any action performed by any of its users within or related to the Website. Some withdraw methods require BTC-e to use personal details of the user including, but not limited to, name, address, email, phone number, and bank account number for which BTC-e has the capability to send and receive encrypted emails. The usage of encryption is left entirely at the discretion of the user.By opening an account at BTC-e you agree to the Terms of Use stated in this page. BTC-e reserves the right, at its discretion, to add, remove, or modify portions of these Terms of Agreement at any time. Your continued use of BTC-e following the implementation of changes to these Terms of Agreement implies that you accept such changes.
Please note the funds will be on hold untill the identity is verified.
We don't accept any more international wire transfers from US Citizens or from US Bank
All newly registered users can't withdraw money from an account within 3 working days.Required in case you choose to load your account by wire transfer.To comply with AML/CTF recommendations, we require our clients to verify identity by providing scanned copy of ID and scanned copy of utility bill or a bank statement which should not be older then 6 month. Copy should be in good resolution and colored.Laws in the country where the user resides may not allow the usage of an online tool with the characteristics of BTC-e or any of its features. BTC-e does not encourage the violation of any laws and cannot be held responsible for violation of such laws. For all legal purposes, these Terms of Use shall be governed by the laws applicable in the Cyprus. You agree and hereby submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue of the Cyprus for the resolution of any disputes arising from these Terms of Use.At BTC-e, we want to provide the best service while keeping everyone informed of the existing features and limitations. Please do not hesitate to contact us in case you have any questions at:1. Obscene words in any type (swearing, hidden and veiled swearing) are prohibited in our chat
2. Abusing other users is prohibited
3. Pronouncements that incite ethnic hatred, advocating violence in any form, insulting religious feelings of other users are not allowed.
4. Flooding (flood is the posting of similar information, same repeating phrase or identical graphic files), flaming and spamming are prohibited.
5. Obscene words (both in obvious and veiled forms) in a user's nick are not allowed.
6. Distribution of maleficent links, links to third party online projects and advertising links is prohibited.
7. Abusing statements addressed to the administration, moderators, hard-hitting pronouncements about the chat are prohibited.
8. Discussing moderators' actions is inadmissible. If you believe you have been treated unfairly, write to the administrator, he will take care of that.
9. Users must not beg for the moderator status or any other status from the administration.
10. Writing only capitals is prohibited.
11. If you respond to abuses by abusing, you are treated as the one violating the rules, and a relevant punishment will be applied to you.1. Moderator, being a representative of the administrator, must strictly obey all user rules and be a reference for everyone.
2. Before applying a punishment, the moderator must warn the user that he/she has violated the rules (this does not refer to the situations with obvious abuse of a user/users and flood). In case of a repeated violation of the chat rules the user will not be warned.
3. Banning for longer than 60 days is admitted only in case of repeated major chat rules violations by a user.
4. For violation of the chat rules upon the decision of the administration a moderator can be deprived of his/her authority without the right to recover.Chat: support
Ticket system: http://hdbtce.kayako.com/December 23, 2013


Hulu provides an online video service offering a selection of television shows, movies, clips, and other content. These video services including our Hulu Plus Service, our video player, and any other features, tools, applications, materials, or other services, offered by Hulu on any website, device or platform are referred to collectively as the “Hulu Services.”
We invite you to click below to get answers to your questions regarding our Privacy Policy.
o	What kinds of information does Hulu collect from or about me and my activities?
o	Are there other parties collecting information from or about me that I should be aware of while using the Hulu Services?
o	How does Hulu use the information it collects from or about me?
o	With whom does Hulu share the information it collects from or about me?
o	How does Hulu use and share aggregate or non-personally identifiable information?
o	Do I have choices about Hulu's use and sharing of the information it collects from or about me?
o	How does Hulu protect the information it collects from or about me?
o	Does Hulu collect information from children under the age of 13?
o	Do any special considerations apply to visitors from outside the United States?
o	What happens when Hulu changes its Privacy Policy?
o	What technologies are used to understand how people use the Hulu Services?
o	How does Hulu work with social networks like Facebook?
o	How does third-party advertising on Hulu impact me?
o	Who can I contact if I have concerns about this Privacy Policy?Below you will find our updated Privacy Policy, effective as of December 23, 2013. This Privacy Policy covers the information collected from or about you and your activities when you use the Hulu Services. It also provides information about our relationships with certain third parties that provide services in connection with the Hulu Services. If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please let us know by emailing us at privacy@hulu.com or contacting us by mail at the address listed here.What kinds of information does Hulu collect from or about me and my activities?
Generally speaking, we may collect the following information from or about you and your activities when you use the Hulu Services:
o	information you give us, including your name, email address, birth date, gender, and -if you subscribe to Hulu Plus - your credit card information;
o	information automatically collected when you use the Hulu Services, such as your location, your activity on the Hulu Services, and information collected via cookies, web beacons, or other technologies;
o	information from other commercially available sources, such as data aggregators and public databases, or our business partners, which may include your interests, purchasing behavior and your activities online, such as websites visited and advertisements viewed; and
o	if you connect your social networking account with your Hulu account, information from your social networking account as described below.
We may combine any or all of the information we collect from or about you and use it in the manner described in this Privacy Policy.
Are there other parties collecting information from or about me that I should be aware of while using the Hulu Services?
o	Service Providers. Companies that provide services to us and our business partners - including companies that assist with payment processing, website, user, and business analytics, data processing, account management, advertising, and other services - may collect information from or about you. However, our agreements with these service providers limit the types of information these companies collect, how they may collect it, and how they may use it.
o	Other Websites and Platforms. The Hulu Services may be provided through Internet websites or other platforms operated by other companies. For example, you can access the Hulu Services currently on our business partners' websites and using Internet connected devices such as your Microsoft Xbox 360, Nintendo Wii, Roku Streaming Player, iPad or iPhone. Websites and platforms like these may be co-branded with our name or logo, but they are not operated or maintained by us, and we are not responsible for the privacy practices of the websites or platforms operated by third parties. If you are using the Hulu Services on another website or platform, you should check the privacy policy of the other website or platform to determine how it handles any information it collects from or about you.
o	Social Networking Services. You can use the Hulu Services with social networking services, such as Facebook and connect your Hulu account with your social networking account. When you choose to share information about your activities on the Hulu Services with social networking services, Hulu may send information about you to these services, including information about your use of the Hulu Services. Social networking services also may collect certain technical information about you, such as the IP address of the device you are using to access the Hulu Services and the URL of the page you are viewing. For more information about how Hulu works with social networking services such as Facebook, please click here.
o	Advertisers, Advertising Technology Companies, and Advertising-Related Service Providers. Hulu places advertisements both on and off the Hulu Services and also carries advertisements from other companies, often with the ability to click through to websites or properties run by these other companies. Advertisers, advertising technology companies, and service providers that perform advertising-related services for us and our business partners may use cookies, web beacons, and other technologies to collect information from or about you in order to tailor advertisements, measure advertising effectiveness, and enable other enhancements. For more information about third-party advertising and Hulu, please click here.How does Hulu use information it collects from or about me?
o	Payment Information. We only use payment information, such as credit card numbers, as necessary for completing a particular transaction or fulfilling a service (for example, processing payments from our Hulu Plus subscribers) and to prevent abuse of the Hulu Services.
o	Other Information. We use the other information we collect from or about you in order to establish and enhance our relationship with you and to help deliver a first-class user experience. Hulu's use of this information includes the following general purposes: contacting you; customizing the content and advertising you view; fulfilling your requests for products or services; identifying content you share when you use the Hulu Services; improving our services; conducting research; compiling aggregate data for internal and external business purposes; preventing potentially illegal activities; protecting our rights; other uses in accordance with our Terms of Use; and for any other purpose disclosed to you at the time we collect your information.
o	Promotional Communications. We may use your information to:
o	provide you with promotional information about Hulu's features, services, and other offerings that may be of interest to you; or
o	provide information or offers to you that are related to the Hulu Services on behalf of Hulu's business partners.
Information about your choices regarding promotional communications you receive from Hulu are described in the "Your Choices" section of this Privacy Policy.
o	Recommendations and Advertising. We and service providers acting on behalf of us and our business partners may use the information collected from or about you, including your use of Hulu Services, to provide recommendations and advertisements on the Hulu Services and elsewhere on the web.
o	Other Purposes. In addition to the specific data use described in this Privacy Policy, we may also use the information collected from our about you for other purposes in aggregated or non-personally identifiable forms. This means that we will combine information about individuals together, or otherwise anonymize the information, so that no individual person is identifiable. We may use information in these forms for a variety of purposes, including for research or analysis, website administration, advertising, and promotional purposes.With whom does Hulu share the information it collects from or about me?
o	Other Hulu Users. The Hulu Services include social features that let you interact with other people who use them. Information that you voluntarily make public on the Hulu Services will be shared with other Hulu users. For example, if your Hulu username includes your real name, when you post a comment it will be associated with your real name. You can control the sharing of certain information contained in your Hulu profile or about your activities on the Hulu Services with others on the Privacy and Settings page.
o	Business Partners. We may share the information collected from or about you with our business partners, including advertisers and other companies that are not affiliated with Hulu, in aggregated or non-personally identifiable forms. Otherwise, except when such business partners are acting on our behalf or when you have provided your information as part of a co-branded promotion, we will obtain your consent before we share your contact information with them so that they may send you promotional information about their products and services directly.
o	Social Networking Services. You can use the Hulu Services on other social networking services such as Facebook, and connect your Hulu account with your social networking account. When you choose to share information about your activities on the Hulu Services with social networking services, Hulu may send information about you to these services, including information about your use of the Hulu Services. For more information about how Hulu works with social networking services such as Facebook, please click here.
o	Service Providers. We may also share the information collected from or about you with service providers that provide services to us and our business partners. For example, we may share your information with other people or entities in order to provide goods or services that you have requested or to complete a transaction at your request. We may also enter into agreements with outside companies that possess the technology that allows us to customize the advertising and marketing messages you receive while using the Hulu Services. Your information, including clickstream data about your use of the Hulu Services and other online activities, may be shared with these companies so this customization can be accomplished. However, our agreements with these service providers limit the types of information share with these companies and how they may use it. For more information about sharing in the context of third-party advertising, please see our discussion of Third-Party Advertising on Hulu.
o	Other Parties When Required By Law or When Necessary to Protect Your Rights or Ours. There may be instances when we may disclose your information without providing you with a choice in order to protect the legal rights of Hulu or its affiliates, and each of their respective investors, directors, officers, employees, agents, and suppliers; to protect the safety and security of users of the Hulu Services or to enforce our Terms of Use; to protect against fraud or for risk management purposes; or to comply with or respond to the law or legal process or a request for cooperation by a government entity, whether or not legally required. If you notify us that you believe your legal rights have been violated by Hulu or another user of the Hulu Services, we may provide the information that you provide to us to others to the extent that we believe it is necessary to evaluate and respond to your complaint. For instance, if you submit a notice of copyright infringement to us, we may send a copy to the person or entity who uploaded, stored, or transmitted the material addressed by the communication.
o	Other Parties In Connection With a Transfer of Assets. If we sell all or part of our business, or make a sale or transfer of assets, or are otherwise involved in a merger or business transfer, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy, we may transfer your information to one or more third parties as part of that transaction.
o	Other Parties With Your Consent. In addition to the sharing described in this Privacy Policy, and only with your consent, we may share personally identifiable information about you, for example, your name, address, telephone number, or email address, with other parties.
Does Hulu share aggregate or non-personally identifiable information?
In addition to the specific data sharing practices described in this Privacy Policy, we may also share the information collected from or about you for other purposes in aggregated or non-personally identifiable forms. This means that we will combine information about individuals together, or otherwise anonymize the information, so that no individual person is identifiable. We may share information in these forms with various affiliated and unaffiliated entities, including our business partners. For example, we may share aggregate information with advertisers about the volume of use on the Hulu Services, the specific Hulu videos in which users are most interested, and the effectiveness of advertisements viewed on the Hulu Services (including the number of users who clicked on a particular advertisement). Also, we and our business partners use independent third parties to help measure viewing of content on Hulu, and these third parties may report statistics about viewing in aggregated or other non-personally identifiable forms.Do I have choices about the use and sharing of the information collected from or about me?
You have choices about the use and sharing of certain information collected from or about you.
o	Other Hulu Users. Hulu's Privacy and Settings page gives you the option to control how certain information in your profile (other than your first and last name) and your activities are shared when you use the Hulu Services. You can change your privacy settings at any time on the Privacy and Settings page.
o	Business Partners: Except as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy, we will obtain your consent before we share your contact information with business partners, including advertisers and other companies not affiliated with Hulu, so that they may send you promotional information about their products and services directly. We also may offer co-branded promotions with these business partners. If you request information about or otherwise interact with one of these promotions (such as by entering a contest), we may share your contact information with the business partners identified in the promotion.
o	Social Networking Services. When you choose to connect your Hulu account with a social networking account such as Facebook, you may choose to share your information and activities with other users of that particular social network. We recommend that you familiarize yourself with the policies and privacy controls of these social networking services.
o	Hulu's Use of Your Information to Send You Promotional Materials. By visiting the Privacy and Settings page, you may opt out of receiving alerts or email updates from Hulu promoting our site or the products or services of our business partners, or notices about your queues or subscribed content. We updated these settings on November 19, 2010. If you affirmatively instructed us not to send you promotional materials prior to that date, we maintained that preference following the change. But if you didn't give us an affirmative instruction and want to change your preference, you can do so on the Privacy and Settings page. Regardless of your choices with respect to promotional communications and updates regarding content, we may send you administrative messages, service announcements, terms and conditions of your account, or other similar communications, without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them.
o	Hulu's Use of Information Collected From or About You from Websites You Visit Other than Hulu.com. Hulu may store information about websites you visit in browser cookies on your computer. If you don't want Hulu to store information about websites you visit other than Hulu.com using this browser, please visit our Opt-Out Page to set your preference.
o	Do Not Track. Hulu supports Do Not Track browser settings. If you enable Do Not Track settings in the browser you are using, Hulu will not store or use information about websites you visit using that browser other than Hulu.com. To learn more about Do Not Track, including how to turn on Do Not Track, visithttp://allaboutdnt.com/.
o	Opting Out of Third-Party Behavioral Advertising. If you would like information about your choices with respect to third-party behavioral advertising, please click here.
o	Terminating Your Hulu Account. You may terminate your Hulu account, in accordance with our Terms of Use, via the link accessible on the Account page, or here. Hulu Plus subscribers should review our Terms of Use for our policies on cancellations and refunds. Please note that, if you terminate your account, we may retain some information about you.How does Hulu protect the information it collects from or about me?
We use reasonable physical, technical, and administrative measures to safeguard information in our possession against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure, or modification. For example, passwords and other sensitive information are encrypted in transit. We also take steps to ensure that only those Hulu employees, agents, and contractors who have a legitimate business reason to obtain access to your information are granted access.
When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card information on our order forms), we encrypt that information using secure sockets layer technology (SSL), an industry standard protocol for billing transmission in order to help protect the financial information you send us.
Despite these efforts, please note that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. We want you to feel confident using the Hulu Services but we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. Please refer to the U.S. Federal Trade Commission's website for information on how to protect yourself from identity theft.
Does Hulu collect information from children under the age of 13?
Hulu prohibits registration or subscription by, and will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from, anyone under 13 years of age.
Do any special considerations apply to visitors from outside the United States?
Hulu is an online video service based in the U.S., and our offices are headquartered in the U.S. Please be aware that information you provide to us or that we obtain as a result of your use of the Hulu Services may be processed and transferred to the U.S. and be subject to U.S. law. The privacy and data protection laws in the U.S. may not be equivalent to such laws in your country of residence. By using our website, participating in any of the Hulu Services, or by providing us with your information, you consent to this collection, transfer, storage, and processing of information to and in the U.S.
What happens when Hulu changes its Privacy Policy?
From time to time, we may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect industry initiatives or changes in the law or changes to the scope of the Hulu Services or for other reasons. Therefore, it is important to check the effective date of the Privacy Policy posted at http://www.hulu.com/privacy each time you visit Hulu.com or use any of the Hulu Services to ensure you are familiar with the most updated policies and practices. If we make any material revisions to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by posting notice on Hulu.com or by sending you an email to the email address you most recently provided to us prior to such revisions taking effect. If the material revisions concern practices where we have represented that we will obtain your consent to use or disclose your personally identifiable information, we will obtain your consent before taking any action inconsistent with those representations.What technologies are used to understand how people use the Hulu Services?
We, along with advertising technology companies and service providers that provide services to us and our business partners, use a variety of technologies to learn more about how people use the Hulu Services and the Internet. This section provides more information about some of those technologies and how they work.
o	Cookies. Cookies are small bits of information that are stored in separate files within your computer's Internet browser. Cookies store information about your activities on a website or other platform. For example, cookies can store your session information for easy sign-in to a website or other platform you have previously visited. They enable us to make your use of the Hulu Services more enjoyable.
o	We, along with advertising technology companies and service providers that provide services to us and our business partners, may display targeted advertisements based on your activities and other information collected from or about you, such as your interests and your activities online. Cookies are one way that this kind of information is stored.
o	We, along with advertising technology companies and service providers that provide services to us and our business partners, may also use cookies and similar technologies to compile aggregate data about you and to relate your use of the Hulu Services to information obtained from you or from reputable third parties. For example, if you have asked us to send you information about our upcoming services or promotions, data about your activities on the Hulu Services, collected using cookies, may allow us to limit the materials we send you to items that we believe will be of interest to you.
o	You can configure your Internet browser to warn you each time a cookie is being sent or to refuse cookies completely. However, unless you accept cookies, you will not have access to certain Hulu Services.
o	Some advertisements displayed in connection with the Hulu Services may also access or place cookies on your Internet browser or use other technologies provided by third-party Internet advertisers, advertising technology companies, and service providers that perform advertising-related services. For more information on this topic, please see our discussion of Third Party Advertising on Hulu.
o	Other local storage. We, along with advertising technology companies and service providers that provide services to us and our business partners, use other kinds of local storage, such as Local Shared Objects (also referred to as "Flash cookies") and HTML5 local storage, in connection with the Hulu Services, including the video player. Sometimes called "browser cookies," these technologies are similar to the cookies discussed above in that they are stored on your computers and can be used to store certain information about your activities and preferences, such as your volume/mute settings. However, these objects are stored in different parts of your computer from ordinary browser cookies. Many Internet browsers allow you to disable HTML5 local storage or delete information contained in HTML5 local storage using browser controls. For information about disabling or deleting information contained in Local Shared Objects, please click here. Please note that disabling these technologies may interfere with the performance and features of the video player.
o	Web beacons. We, along with advertising technology companies and service providers that provide services to us and our business partners, may also use technologies that communicate information from your Internet browser or the Hulu video player to a web server, including so-called "pixel tags," "web beacons," "clear GIFs," or similar means (collectively, "Pixel Tags"). Pixel Tags, which can be embedded in web pages, videos, or emails, can allow a web server to read certain types of information from your browser, check whether you have viewed a particular web page or email message, and determine, among other things, the time and date on which you viewed the Pixel Tag, the IP address of your computer, and the URL of the web page from which the Pixel Tag was viewed. Pixel Tags are used to improve your Hulu experience, including to provide you with content, including advertisements, customized to your interests.

Social Networking
How does Hulu work with social networks such as Facebook?
o	Hulu and Social Networking. If you choose to link your Hulu account with a social networking service, Hulu and that service may share certain information about you and your activities. You may choose to share information about your activities, including what you watch on Hulu, with that social network's users.
o	Connecting with Facebook While Using the Hulu Services. Facebook and Hulu have developed a process that allows you to connect your Hulu account with your Facebook account. When you connect your accounts, you authorize Hulu and Facebook to share certain information about you with each other. When you connect your accounts, Hulu will automatically access the list of all your Facebook friends and import them to Hulu. In addition, if you visit Hulu while logged into Facebook, then Facebook may be able to identify you and to associate the technical information provided by your web browser with other information that Facebook already has about you.
o	Sharing on Facebook. If you connect your Hulu and Facebook accounts, you may choose to share information about your activities on the Hulu Services with Facebook and its users, including publishing your watch activity to Facebook. When you choose to share information about your activities on the Hulu Services with Facebook, Hulu may send information about you to Facebook, including information about your use of the Hulu Services. Facebook may make that information visible to Facebook users in accordance with applicable law, the Facebook Data Use Policy, and your Facebook privacy settings. We recommend that you familiarize yourself with Facebook's Data Use Policy and privacy controls.

Third-Party advertising On Hulu
How does third-party advertising on Hulu impact me?
Hulu carries advertisements from other companies, often with the ability to click through to websites or properties run by these other companies.
o	Clicking on or Viewing Ads. When you click on or view an advertisement, the advertiser, advertising technology companies, and service providers that perform advertising-related services for us and our business partners may collect some information from or about you. The information practices of these advertisers, advertising technology companies, and service providers that perform advertising-related services are governed by their own privacy policies and are not covered by this Privacy Policy. Please be aware that Hulu does not warn you when you have chosen to click through to another website or property when using the Hulu Services. We recommend that you familiarize yourself with the privacy policies of such websites or properties to determine how they handle any information they separately collect from you.
o	Use of Cookies and Other Technology in Third-Party Advertising. Advertisers, advertising technology companies, and service providers that perform advertising-related services for us and our business partners may use cookies, web beacons, and other technologies to collect information from or about you in order to tailor advertisements, measure advertising effectiveness, and enable other enhancements. This information includes your use of the Hulu Services, websites you visited, advertisements you viewed, and your other activities online. The information practices of these advertisers, advertising technology companies, and service providers that perform advertising-related services are governed by their own privacy policies and are not covered by this Privacy Policy.
o	Information Shared with Advertisers and Advertising-Related Service Providers. Hulu may share the information collected from or about you in aggregated or non-personally identifiable forms with advertisers and service providers that perform advertising-related services for us and our business partners in order to tailor advertisements, measure advertising effectiveness, and enable other enhancements. This information includes your use of the Hulu Services, websites you visited, advertisements you viewed, and your other activities online. However, our agreements with these advertisers and service providers that perform advertising-related services limit the types of information shared with these companies and how they may use it.
o	Opting Out of Third-Party Behavioral Advertising. Some of these advertisers, advertising technology companies, and service providers that perform advertising-related services for us and our business partners may be members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI"), a cooperative of online marketing companies that offers a centralized tool for opting out of behavioral advertising delivered by each of its member companies. If you would like to obtain more information about the NAI and make choices about their members' use of your information, please click here. Some of the third parties that collect information on the Hulu Services in order to provide more relevant advertising to you participate in the Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising. This program offers a single location where users can make choices about the use of their information for ad targeting. To learn more, please click here.Who can I contact if I have concerns about this Privacy Policy?
o	If you have concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, including if you believe that Hulu may have incorrect information for you, you may email us atprivacy@hulu.com. You may also contact us by mail at:
Attention: Legal Department
Hulu, LLC
2500 Broadway, 2nd Floor
Santa Monica, CA 90404
o	The privacy@hulu.com email address is used only for communications about our Privacy Policy. If you have general questions about the Hulu Services, please contact us through the "Contact Us" page on Hulu.com.PRIVACY POLICY
We protect your personal information.....

The California Lottery (www.calottery.com) is committed to protecting the privacy rights of individuals.  It is the Lottery's policy to limit the collection of personal information and protect the personal information it collects and maintains.

The Lottery's information management practices conform to the requirements of the Information Practices Act (California Civil Code section 1798 et seq.), the California Public Records Act (California Government Code section 6250 et seq.), California Government Code sections 11015.5 and 11019.9, California Business & Professions Code sections 22575-22579, and other laws pertaining to information privacy.

The Lottery adheres to the following principles in connection with the collection and management of personal information:Personal information is defined in the Information Practices Act as information that identifies or describes an individual, including: name, Social Security number, physical description, home address, home telephone number, education, and medical or employment history.  The Lottery limits the collection of personal information to what is relevant and necessary to accomplish its lawful purpose, defined in the California State Lottery Act. For example, the Lottery may need an individual's home address, email address, or telephone number in order to answer that person's questions, process his or her claim form, or provide some other requested assistance. The Lottery may also request demographic information such as ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests, and favorites to allow it to provide personalized services.The Lottery website consists of a primary domain and several sub-domains and is referred to collectively as “website.” The Lottery only collects personal information about individuals if it is provided to the Lottery voluntarily through email, registration forms, or surveys. The Lottery does collect some information automatically from each visitor to its website, including the domain name or Internet Protocol address that relates to the machine used to access the website, the type of browser and operating system used, and the date and time when the website is visited. The Lottery may also automatically collect information about your interaction with Lottery websites and services. For example, it may use website analytics tools on its website to retrieve information from your browser, including the website you came from, the search engine(s) and the keywords you used to find the Lottery's website, the pages you view within the Lottery's website, your browser add-ons, and your browser's width and height.  This automatically-collected information is not subject to disclosure under the California Public Records Act, and website visitors may request to have their information discarded without reuse or distribution. To make such a request, contact the Lottery's privacy coordinator: privacy@calottery.com.simple text files stored temporarily on a visitor's computer by a web server, to enable easy movement through its website. One of the primary purposes of cookies is to store your preferences and other information on your computer in order to save you time by eliminating the need to repeatedly enter the same information. Cookies used by the Lottery may be encrypted and cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.

Non-persistent session cookies are used when visiting and searching informational content on the Lottery's public website.  Session cookies do not contain user information, will not transmit any personal information to the Lottery, and are deleted automatically when the browser window closes or within 24 hours, whichever occurs first.

Persistent culture cookies are used to collect username and language setting information and must be deleted manually by the user. In addition, Google tracking cookies may be used to provide information to Google Analytics. Google tracking cookies, used by every website that employs Google Analytics, store information that identifies IP addresses. For those wishing to block Google Analytics, a variety of browser plug-ins are available here.

The Lottery uses Flash cookies to support Casual Games in the players' area. These cookies are persistent and only store certain user settings that you choose for game play. Click here to see removal instructions.

To access certain Lottery online services you will need to provide your email address and password (credentials). The Lottery will then temporarily store your unique ID number and the time you signed in via an encrypted cookie on your hard drive. This cookie will allow you to move between services on the website without having to sign in again on each page. When you sign out, these cookies are deleted from your computer.

The Lottery also uses cookies to improve your sign-in experience. For example, your email address may be stored in a cookie that will remain on your computer after you sign out. This cookie allows your email address to be pre-populated so that you will only need to type your password the next time you sign in. If you are using a public computer or do not otherwise want this information to be stored, you can select the appropriate button on the sign-in page and this cookie will not be used.

You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you will not be able to sign in or use other interactive features and services offered in the players' area of the Lottery's website.

If you choose to accept cookies, you also have the ability to later delete cookies that you have accepted. For example, in Internet Explorer 7 you can delete cookies by selecting “Tools,” “Delete browsing history,” and “Delete Cookies.” Each browser may provide a different way to delete cookies. If you choose to delete cookies, any settings and preferences controlled by those cookies will be deleted and may need to be recreated when you next access the website.

The Lottery prohibits web beacons on its website from being used by third parties to collect or access your personal information.

In order to offer you a more consistent and personalized experience in your interactions with the Lottery, information collected through one Lottery service may be combined with information obtained through other Lottery and Lottery-affiliated services. The Lottery may also supplement the information it collects with information obtained from other companies. This will enable the Lottery, for example, to offer customized services and information based on location information determined by your computer IP address.The Lottery strives to inform individuals who provide personal information about the general uses that the Lottery will make of that information. The Lottery does this at the time of information collection.The Lottery allows individuals who provide personal information to review that information and contest its accuracy or completeness. To make such a request, contact the Lottery's privacy coordinator: privacy@calottery.comNoneto protect personal information it collects from loss, unauthorized access, illegal use, or unauthorized disclosure. The Lottery uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption software to protect the security of individuals' personal information during transmission of such information through the Lottery's website. Such personal information is stored by the Lottery in secure locations. The Lottery's staff is trained on procedures for the management of personal information, including limitations on the release of information. Access to personal information is limited to those members of the Lottery's staff and contractors whose work requires such access. Confidential information is destroyed according to the Lottery's records retention schedule. The Lottery conducts periodic reviews to ensure that proper information management policies and procedures are understood and followed. In order to access some Lottery services, you will be asked to sign in using your credentials. As part of creating your account, you may also be required to select questions and secret answers that may be used by the Lottery to help verify your identity and assist in resetting your password. Some services may require added security, and in these cases, you may be asked to create an additional security key. The Lottery permanently records the IP address of the machine you use for registration and only stores the date and IP address of the last login thereafter. Finally, a unique ID number will be assigned to your account which will be used to identify your profile and associated information, such as login history and game play history.

In general, the Lottery encourages all individuals to use appropriate safeguards to secure their computers and the information on those computers.If any individual has further questions about the Lottery's privacy policy, they are encouraged to contact the Lottery's Privacy Coordinator via email at privacy@calottery.com or in writing to:  The California State Lottery - Attention: Privacy Coordinator, 700 Tenth Street, Sacramento, CA 95811.

Effective Date: May 5, 2011Privacy Policy

FlashScore.com respects the privacy of visitors to our site. We are committed to protecting your privacy online. We use information we collect about you to provide you with the services which you may access through our web site. We appreciate that you do not want the personal information you provide to us distributed indiscriminately and here, we inform you how we collect information, what we do with it, who has access to it and what controls you have over its use.We do not collect any personal information where you simply browse our website. We do require that you supply some information where you use basic services provided through our website. Nevertheless, we may, upon registration or at other times, ask you to submit your e-mail address. You are under no obligation to provide us with this information. However, if you should choose to withhold requested information, we may not be able to provide you the services required.We will only use the information you provide to us for the following purposes:
- Send you forgotten password to your personal account
- Send you information we think you may find useful, including our products, services information and commercial / advertising materials.
- Provide advanced services.
- Improve the content of our web page.
- Personalized page content and/or layout.We do not sell, trade or rent your information provided to us to others. We can only transfer this information to other subject in case of sale of whole site. We may need to disclose your provided information to third parties where this is required by law or where this is necessary for the function of a service provided to you. We may provide statistics about visitors, sales, traffic, etc. to third party vendors but these will not include any identifying information. Users who don't wish to receive our emails anymore can unsubscribe by writing to provider via contact form.When you visit our Site, we automatically log your IP address and pages visited. It help us administer the Site and to collect broad demographic information for aggregate use.A "cookie" is information stored on your computer by a web server and used to customize your web service in some way. FlashScore.com site uses cookies to store information about your interactions that may be needed later to perform a function. You can choose not to accept cookies and still use our services. However, you can be unable to use the cookie-dependent features. Refer to the help information in your browser software for instructions on how to disable cookies.You consent to our collection and use of information and to the use of that information in accordance with the privacy policy set out above. If we change our privacy policy in any way, we will post these changes on this page.FlashScore.com is provided by: LiveSport Media Ltd, CMS House, First Floor, St. Peter's Street, San Gwann, SGN 2310, Malta, Company ID: C 54555.


Partners
Recommended Sites
SOCCER| TENEffective October 2, 2007

This Philadelphia Media Network, Inc. site, Philly.com, is covered by the policies herein. This privacy statement covers Philly.com.

Because this web site wants to demonstrate its commitment to your privacy, it has agreed to disclose its information practices and have its privacy practices reviewed for compliance by TRUSTe. If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should contact Philadelphia Media Network, Inc. at: Philadelphia Media Network, Inc. Feedback .

This privacy statement covers only information that is collected through this Web site, and does not cover information that may be collected through software downloaded from the site.When you register for one of Philadelphia Media Network, Inc.'s sites, or for services on any of our sites, we collect personally identifying information from you. During registration you are asked to provide your email address and some demographic information including such items as your gender, year of birth, and address. The more information you provide, the better we are able to customize our services and your experience to suit your needs and preferences. In addition to registration, we may collect personally identifiable information from you when you enter contests and sweepstakes (which may be done in conjunction with site registration), participate in promotions and special programs, register for premium or customized services, make a purchase at one of our merchants or partners, subscribe to one of our print publications, or download a software product or plug-in.

If you are making a purchase or enrolling in a premium service for which there is a fee, we, or a 3rd party working in partnership with us, will collect your credit card, billing address, and other verifying information. In addition, we may collect personally identifiable information from you when you provide content to us for display or use on one or more Philadelphia Media Network, Inc. sites, including but not limited to, when you participate in user surveys, post messages to bulletin boards or chat areas, submit personals or other classified listings, build a home page, report a problem with one of our sites or services, or submit a letter to the editor.

If you use our referral service ("Email and Article to a Friend") to tell a friend about our site, we will ask for your email address and theirs. We automatically send a one-time email to the address you provided. Neither your email address nor the email address you provide is stored or used for any other purpose.Our main goal is to provide you with a customized and more relevant experience on Philadelphia Media Network, Inc. sites. We review our users' preferences, demographics, traffic patterns, and other information in aggregate so that we can better understand who our audience is, and what it is you want. Tracking user preferences also helps us serve you more relevant advertising. Please note that we do not share your personally identifying information with the advertiser.

We use a third party to serve ads when you visit our site. This third party ad server may use certain information about your visit to our site in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you, but they are not allowed to collect or use personally identifiable information about you for their own purposes.

All credit card information is transmitted in an encrypted form, using SSL (secure socket layer) encryption, the industry-standard. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Philadelphia Media Network, Inc. assumes no liability for disclosure of data due to errors in transmission or unauthorized third parties. If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can contact us at: Philadelphia Media Network, Inc. Feedback

The email address provided by you at registration, or as updated, may be used by Philadelphia Media Network, Inc. and its affiliated entities, including Philadelphia Media Network, Inc., to contact you for any reason, including: (1) Your account status (including an email confirmation of registration), (2) Major changes to the Web site, the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, (3) Participation in user surveys, asking for feedback on the Web site and (4) notifying you of existing or prospective products and services offered by us or our advertisers and partners. This information helps us to improve our Web site. The information provided by you at registration may be used by Philadelphia Media Network, Inc. and its affiliated entities, to contact you with special offers and promotions.

To update your personal information such as name, or mailing address, you can sign into your account and visit the Update Account page. To update your newsletter subscriptions you either a) visit your newsletter subscription page in your account, or b) unsubscribe by following the instructions within the email newsletter.

If you opt-in to a third party offer on this site then your relationship with the third party will be governed by their respective Privacy Policies. If you no longer wish to receive communication from the third party, then you will need to contact them directly to opt-out. When you sign up for some third-party services on this site, such as free coupons or look up Yellow Pages, you will be taken to a co-branded site which may appear to be , however if the third party is collecting information from you, the use of this information is governed by the co-branded partner's privacy policy.Cookies. Philadelphia Media Network, Inc. uses cookies to store and track your preferences to provide you with a more personalized user experience. A cookie is a message that is sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. Most Internet sites use cookies. You can set your browser preferences to reject all cookies but then you will not be able to participate in most customized services, and you may be required to repeatedly log in to participate in various services, promotions, or product offerings. Cookies make your experience easier by saving your preferences and passwords.

We also use cookies that contain no personal information at all. These cookies, help us estimate our audience size, determine which areas of Philadelphia Media Network, Inc. sites are the most popular, and serve targeted advertising. Third party advertisers and our ad server may set and access their cookies on your computer in accordance with their own privacy policies. If you would like more information about the use of cookies by our third party ad server and your ability to opt out of receiving cookies from this third party, please click here: http://www.doubleclick.net/us/corporate/privacy

Some parts of Philly.com site use cookies to collect information about visitors' use of the Web site and to facilitate return visits. Information collected about user activity may be done in partnership using a third party tracking tool. The information collected from cookies is tracked to enhance security and to improve the functionality of the Web site by avoiding duplicate data entry, facilitating navigation, and increasing the relevance of content. Cookies on the site may collect the following information: a unique identifier, user preferences and profile information used to personalize the content that is shown, and membership information to access sitename,com's services. Some cookies used by Philly.com may remain on the user's computer after they leave the Web site.

Most browsers can be configured to reject cookies or alert you when cookies are being sent. Keep in mind that if you refuse cookies, it is possible that some portions of Philadelphia Media Network, Inc. sites may not function exactly as intended.

IP Address. Philadelphia Media Network, Inc. may also collect IP addresses for the purposes of systems administration or to report information in aggregate form to our advertisers (e.g. how many visitors logged in to a Philadelphia Media Network, Inc. site). An IP address is a number that is assigned to your computer automatically when you use the Internet. When you visit a particular Philadelphia Media Network, Inc. web page, our servers log your IP address. Your IP address is not linked to anything personally identifiable.

AP News Registry. This Web site uses services provided by AP News Registry. AP News Registry collects content usage information and may use cookies in conjunction with this activity. Your continued readership of the Site means you accept the privacy policy of the AP News Registry. Please refer to the AP News Registry privacy policy at http://www.apnewsregistry.com/privacycenter/servicepolicy.aspx for further information.User information is shared within Philadelphia Media Network, Inc. in order to provide you with a more integrated and customized user experience. We will not disclose your personally identifiable information to third parties except (1) to the extent necessary to provide you with a requested product or service, or (2) in order to provide targeted promotional offers during the registration process. If you do not accept any of the offers, your information will not be retained by our registration offers partner.

To the extent you are notified of uses of your personal information which are different from those described in this Policy Statement during your enrollment in any particular service, sweepstakes, contest or promotion, the uses of which you are specifically notified will govern that service, sweepstakes, contest or promotion. We may co-sponsor some contests on our site with other companies. If you enter one of these contests, our co-sponsor may receive the information collected. In such cases, we will tell you who the co-sponsor is and notify you the use of this information is governed by the co-sponsor's privacy policy.

We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Web siteYou should be aware that if you voluntarily disclose personal information online in a public area, that information may be collected and used by others. We do not control the actions of our visitors and registered users. If you disclose personal information in a chat room, forum, on your home page, or any other publicly accessible place on Philadelphia Media Network, Inc. sites, you do so at your own risk and you understand that your submitted information may be collected and used by others to send you unsolicited messages, advertisements, or for other purposes.

Please remember that protection of your privacy begins with you. You are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of any password you use to register, and you should always be careful and responsible whenever disclosing information online.

This Web site contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by Philadelphia Media Network, Inc. Please be aware that we, Philadelphia Media Network, Inc., are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.

We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information.

This privacy statement applies only to information collected by this Web site.

Third-party advertising companies may be used to serve ads when you visit philly.com.  These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.  If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here: (http://networkadvertising.org/consumer/opt_out.asp).

PRIVACY PROTECTION FOR CHILDREN. In compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), we will not knowingly provide access to Philadelphia Media Network, Inc. sites to persons under the age of thirteen (13). If Philadelphia Media Network, Inc. later learns that any registered user is under the age of thirteen (13), we will take appropriate steps to remove the member's information from the database and we will restrict this individual from future access to Philadelphia Media Network, Inc. sites. We feel strongly about protecting the privacy of children. We encourage kids to involve their parents in any interactive activity they participate in online. Except where otherwise disclosed, we will not collect or use any personal information from children we know to be under the age of thirteen without obtaining express parental consent. All general information collected from users under the age of thirteen is used only for aggregate statistical analysis.

Acceptance of Privacy Policy. By using Philadelphia Media Network, Inc. sites and services, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Statement. If you do not agree or are not comfortable with any policy described in this Privacy statement, your only remedy is to discontinue use of Philadelphia Media Network, Inc. sites. We reserve the right, to modify this Privacy Statement at any time. If we materially change how we use your personal information we will notify you either by email or through a prominent notice on the web site. Your continued use of any portion of Philadelphia Media Network, Inc. sites following notification or posting of such changes, will constitute your accept of those changes. Questions or concerns about our specific policies, please contact us through our feedback form at: Philadelphia Media Network, Inc. Feedback .Electronic Frontier Foundation - a civil liberties organization working to protect your rights online.

Electronic Privacy Information Center - established to focus public attention on emerging civil liberties issues relating to the National Information Infrastructure.

Privacy Issues Page - from the Center for Democracy and Technology (CDT).

Cookie Central -- dedicated to provide full information upon Internet Cookies.



Terms of Use
We welcome you to our site. We ask that you review these Terms of Use, which are intended to constitute a binding license agreement that conditions your use of this site ("Agreement"). We have tried to avoid unnecessary legal verbiage. Our goal is to protect our rights in order to provide you with access to the free content available at this site. If you do not wish to be bound by this Agreement after you have read it, please leave the site. If you remain on this site, or return thereafter, you agree to be bound by this Agreement.

1. Responsible conduct. You agree to act responsibly at this site and to treat other visitors with respect.

2. Limited License/ Copyright and Intellectual Property Law Restrictions. Except for public domain material, the content on this site is protected by intellectual property laws, including U.S. copyright laws. You are hereby granted a non-exclusive license to use the material at this site ("Content") while connected to this site (including, where available, to email individual stories to friends directly from this site). You are also granted a limited license to print one copy of any Content posted at the site, but only for your personal use. Except as expressly provided above, all rights are reserved. Among other things, except to the extent required for the limited purpose of reviewing material on our site, electronic reproduction, adaptation, distribution, performance or display is prohibited. Changes to or deletion of author attribution or copyright notices are prohibited. Commercial use of any of the Content is strictly prohibited. Use of any of our trademarks as metatags on other web sites also is strictly prohibited. You may not display this Web site in frames (or any of the Content via in-line links) without our express written permission, which may be requested by contacting us through our feedback form. You may, however, establish ordinary links to our site without our written permission.

3. Links. We may provide links from our site to other sites as a convenience to our visitors. We have no control over linked sites and make no representations about any content or material available at these locations. Links are not intended to imply sponsorship, affiliation or endorsement.

4. Discussion Boards and other self-publishing 3rd party products. Although we do not have any obligation to monitor these services, or this self-published content, we reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable to us in our sole discretion and to disclose any information necessary to satisfy the law, regulation, or government request. We also reserve the right to permanently block any user who violates these terms and conditions.

5. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT USE OF THIS WEB SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THERE IS NO WARRANTY THAT YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF THIS SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE; OR THAT ANY PARTICULAR RESULTS MAY BE OBTAINED BY USE OF THIS SITE. THIS SITE IS MADE AVAILABLE ON AN "AS IS" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF TITLE OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR OTHERWISE, OTHER THAN THOSE WHICH ARE IMPLIED BY AND INCAPABLE OF EXCLUSION, RESTRICTION, OR MODIFICATION UNDER THE LAWS APPLICABLE TO THIS AGREEMENT. NEITHER WE NOR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY PROVIDING CONTENT VIA THIS SITE SHALL BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.

6. Modifications/Termination. The terms of this agreement will not be modified on an individual basis. You agree that we may modify the terms of this Agreement (or discontinue this site) in our sole discretion, without advance notice, and that your right to access this site is conditioned on an ongoing basis with your compliance with the then-current version of these Terms and Conditions. You should therefore visit this page frequently.

7. Jurisdiction. This Web site is hosted on servers located in the United States and is intended to be viewed by residents of the United States. In the event of any dispute arising out of or relating to this site, you agree that the exclusive venue for litigating disputes shall be in state or federal court in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.


Read more at http://www.philly.com/philly/about/terms_of_use/#5jvtMyD7GPDdFQDH.99eBay Commerce Network Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes your privacy rights regarding our collection, use, storage, sharing, and protection of your personal information.  It governs your participation on the eBayCommerce.com, Shopping.com, Epinions.com, DealTime.com, and PriceTool.com websites (including the versions of these sites in foreign jurisdictions), their sister sites, and all co-branded versions of these sites or any successor brand that eBay may designate from time to time in its discretion (in the United States or foreign jurisdictions), which are referred to collectively as the “eBay Commerce Network” or “ECN,” along with their related sites, applications, services, and tools, regardless of how you access or use them, including through mobile devices.

You accept this Privacy Policy when you sign up for, access, or use our products, services, content, features, technologies, or functions offered on our websites and all related sites, applications, and services (collectively “eBay Commerce Network Services”).

We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the amended terms on this site.  Any such amendment shall take effect when such amendment is sent by email or posted on the eBay Commerce Network.  Throughout this Privacy Policy, we use the term “personal information” to describe information that can be associated with a specific person and could be used to identify that person.  We do not consider personal information to include information that has been made anonymous or aggregated so that it can no longer be used, whether in combination with other information or otherwise, to identify a specific person.A table summarizing the contents of this Policy appears below, followed by the Policy in full.  Should there be any discrepancy between the table and the full Policy, the language of the full Policy shall govern.



Scope and Consent
By using the eBay Commerce Network, and its related sites, applications, services and tools, and/or registering for an account, you expressly consent to our collection, use, disclosure, and retention of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy and in our User Agreement.

Global Privacy Standards
eBay Inc. has established a set of Binding Corporate Rules (BCRs), which are our global privacy standards for all eBay Inc. companies. They are a commitment by eBay Inc. to protect your personal information and honor our privacy obligations regardless of where your personal information is collected, processed, or stored.

Mobile Privacy
If we offer the ability for you to use our services and tools using a mobile device, the provisions of this Privacy Policy apply to all such mobile access and use.
Children's Privacy



The sites and services provided by eBay Inc. are not intended for children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from users in this age group.

Collection of Personal Information
We collect the different types of personal information in order to provide you with the use of and access to our sites, applications, services, and tools, and to help us personalize and improve your experience.  This includes information we collect automatically (such as device ID, device type, geo-location information, computer and connection information, statistics on page views, traffic to and from the sites, referral URL, ad data, IP address, standard web log information, and anonymous information collected through our use cookies and web beacons) and information you give us (such as information you enter on our sites or you provide to us in context of using our sites, applications, services, or tools).  Occasionally, we may also receive or collect supplemental information about you from third parties. This may include, but is not limited to, demographic information, navigation information, additional contact information, credit check information, and additional information about you from credit bureaus or other sources, as permitted by law.

Social Media
By associating an account managed by a third party with your eBay account and authorizing eBay to have access to this information, you agree that eBay may collect, use, and store information from these websites in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

Communication Preferences and Marketing
We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent. We may combine your information with information we collect from other companies and use it to improve and personalize our services, content, and advertising.  You can control how and when you want to receive notifications from the ECN from the account settings section within your account.

Use and Disclosure
We may share your personal information with the eBay family of companies or others as further described in the full Policy.

Information you share on the site
Ratings, reviews, tags, comments, and other content you contribute may be displayed publicly on the eBay Commerce Network and elsewhere on the web, sometimes alongside your member or user name.  Reviews submitted through our product review services cannot later be deleted. For some of our features, other members may be able to request email notifications of your new public content or publish their own comments to your reviews.  We may use the public content to develop aggregate ratings, personalize site views, market products or identify or feature popular members. Your wish lists are public by default.

Cookies
We use Cookies to recognize you as a customer; customize ECN Services, content, and advertising; measure promotional effectiveness; help ensure that your account security is not compromised; mitigate risk and prevent fraud; and to promote trust and safety across our sites and services.  For more detailed information on our use of Cookies, see Cookies and Your Privacy.
Access, review, and modification


You can review and edit your personal information at any time by logging in to your account and reviewing your account settings and profile.  You can close your account at any time by contacting Customer Support in the United States, in the United Kingdom, in France, in Germany or in Australia (for Shopping.com) or clicking here (for Epinions.com).

Protection and Retention
We store and process your personal information on our computers in the US and elsewhere in the world, where we protect your information using physical, technical, and administrative security measures to reduce the risks of loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, or alteration. We retain information as long as it is necessary and relevant for our operations.

Third Parties
Our ECN websites may contain links to other third party websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these sites. If you have concerns about how other websites collect and use information about you, make sure to read that site's privacy policy.

Contact Us
You may write to us at: eBay Inc. Attn: Legal - Global Privacy Practices, 2145 Hamilton Avenue, San Jose, California 95125, or by using the Contact Us form. More information about the Global Privacy Office and how to contact us is available at our eBay Privacy Center.When you use any of the eBay Commerce Network websites listed above, you are contracting with eBay Inc., with offices located at 2145 Hamilton Avenue, San Jose, CA 95125. If you reside outside of the United States, eBay Inc. is your data controller.

By using the ECN websites or their related applications, services, and tools, or by registering for an account with any of our websites, you expressly consent to our collection, use, disclosure, and retention of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy and in the eBay Commerce Network User Agreement, as well as to the transfer and storage of your personal information to our servers in the United States and elsewhere in the world where we have facilities.In addition to the privacy practices set out in this Privacy Policy, eBay Inc. has established a set of Corporate Rules (also referred to as “Binding Corporate Rules” or “BCRs”), which are our global privacy standards for all eBay Inc. companies.

These BCRs have been approved by a number of European Union privacy regulators. They are a commitment by eBay Inc. to protect your personal information and honor our privacy obligations regardless of where your personal information is collected, processed, or stored. Depending on where you reside, the BCRs may also provide you some additional privacy rights through your local privacy regulator or court.

For more information about our BCRs and our global privacy practices and principles, including information on how to contact us with any questions, visit our eBay Privacy Center.We may offer you the ability for you to connect with the ECN websites, or use our applications, services, and tools using a mobile device, either through a mobile application or via a mobile-optimized website. The provisions of this Privacy Policy apply to all such mobile access and use of mobile devices. This Privacy Policy will be referenced by all such mobile applications or mobile-optimized websites.The eBay Commerce Network websites are all general audience websites, and neither they nor any of their related sites, applications, services, or tools are intended for children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information via our websites, applications, services, or tools from users in this age group.You can browse our ECN websites without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. Personal information is only associated to your account when you sign in as a registered user. If you register for an account with us, you choose to give us your personal information and are not anonymous to us. If you choose to provide us with personal information, you consent to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers located in the United States and around the world.

We collect the following types of personal information in order to provide you with the use of and access to our sites, applications, services, and tools, and to help us personalize and improve your experience:
Information we collect automatically: When you visit our sites, use our applications, services, and tools, or interact with our advertising or content, we automatically collect information sent to us by your computer, mobile device, or other access device. This information is associated with you personally only when you sign in as a registered user, and includes but is not limited to:
device ID or unique identifier, device type, geo-location information, computer and connection information, statistics on page views, traffic to and from the sites, referral URL, ad data, IP address and standard web log information; and
anonymous information collected through our use cookies and web beacons.

Information you give us: We collect and store any information you enter on our sites or you provide to us in context of using our sites, applications, services, or tools. This may include, but is not limited to:
information you provide us when registering for an account, including email address, phone number, mobile telephone number, physical contact information, and (depending on the service used) sometimes financial information, such as credit card or bank account numbers;
addition information you may provide to us via social media sites or services
transactional information based on your activities on the sites (such as bidding, buying, selling, item and content you generate or that relates to your account);
shipping, billing and other information you provide to purchase or ship an item;
information provided in the context of community discussions, chats, dispute resolution, correspondence through our sites, or correspondence sent to us
additional personal information we ask you to submit to authenticate yourself or if we believe you are violating site policies (for example, we may ask you to send us an ID or bill to verify your address, or to answer additional questions online to help verify your identity or ownership of an item you list)

Mobile: When you download or use our Mobile Applications, or access one of our mobile optimized sites, we may receive information about your location and your mobile device, including a unique identifier for your device. We may use this information to provide you with location-based services, such as advertising, search results, and other personalized content. Most mobile devices allow you to control or disable location services in the device's settings menu. If you have questions about how to disable your device's location services, we recommend you contact your mobile service carrier or the manufacture of your particular device.

Information from other sources: We may receive or collect supplemental information about you from third party sources and add it to our account information. This may include, but is not limited to, demographic information, navigation information, additional contact information, credit check information, and additional information about you from credit bureaus or other sources, as permitted by law.We may offer sign-on services that allow you to use third party login credentials to access the ECN websites or related applications, services or tools. We also may offer services that allow you to share information with third party social media websites such as Facebook, Google Plus, Twitter, and others.

You may choose to provide us with access to certain personal information stored by such third party websites. The personal information we have access to varies by website and is controlled by your privacy settings on that website and by your consent. By associating an account managed by a third party with your ECN account and authorizing eBay to have access to this information, you agree that eBay may collect, use, and store information from these websites in accordance with this Privacy Policy.We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent. We may combine your information with information we collect from other companies and use it to improve and personalize our services, content and advertising.

If you do not wish to receive marketing communications from us, you can indicate your communications preference in My eBay, or within the direct communication from us. If do not wish to participate in our ad-customization programs, you can opt-out by following the directions provided within the applicable advertisement, or directly at our Ad Choice program.

You can opt-out of receiving marketing communications (including customized ads) from the eBay Commerce Network at any time, but you may not opt-out of administrative emails (for example, emails about your transactions or policy changes) while you are a member of the eBay Commerce Network.Our primary purpose in collecting personal information is to provide you with secure and smooth access to the ECN websites and/or use of our services, applications, and tools, to provide you with requested customer service and relevant information about your account and our services, and to provide you with a safe, efficient, and customized experience. You agree that we may use your personal information to:

operate our websites and provide access to our applications, services, and tools;
provide customer support;
analyze site and user behavior and prepare aggregated reports;
prevent, detect, and investigate fraud, security breaches, and potentially prohibited or illegal activities, and enforce our User Agreement;
measure and improve our sites and services, and customize our services, content, and advertising;
contact you, either via email or telephone, to resolve disputes, collect fees, troubleshoot problems with your account or our sites, services, applications, or tools, or to deliver targeted marketing, service updates, or promotional offers in accordance with your stated communication preferences; or
provide other services requested by you, as described at the time when we collect the information from you, or to contact you for other purposes authorized by law.

We may disclose personal information to respond to legal requirements, enforce our policies, respond to claims that a listing or other content violates the rights of others, or protect anyone's rights, property, or safety. Such information will be disclosed in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable laws and regulations. As stated above, we do not disclose your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent.

We may also share your personal information with:

Members of the eBay Inc. corporate family to provide joint content and services (like registration, transactions, and customer support), to help detect and prevent potentially illegal acts, violations of our policies, fraud and/or data security breaches, and to guide decisions about their products, sites, applications, services and tools, and communications. Members of our corporate family will use this information to send you marketing communications only if you have requested their services and will use your personal information in compliance with their Privacy Policy and our global privacy standards.
Service providers under contract who help with our business operations (such as, but not limited to, fraud investigations, bill collection, affiliate and rewards programs, site operations, and co-branded credit cards).
Other third parties to whom you explicitly ask us to send your information (or about whom you are otherwise explicitly notified and consent to when using a specific service). On the eBay Commerce Network, you may have opportunities to express interest in or register for third-party products and services. If you do, we will provide information about you to the third party to implement your request;
Law enforcement, governmental agencies, or authorized third parties, in response to a verified request relating to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity or any other activity that may expose us, you, or any other eBay Commerce Network user to legal liability. In such events, we will only disclose information relevant and necessary to the investigation or inquiry, such as name, city, state, ZIP code, telephone number, email address, User ID history, IP address, fraud complaints, and anything else we may deem relevant to the investigation;
Credit bureaus with which we may report information about your account, including information on late payments, missed payments, or other defaults on your account may be reflected in your credit report;
Other business entities, should we plan to merge with or be acquired by that business entity. (Should such a combination occur, we will require that the new combined entity follow this Privacy Policy with respect to your personal information. If your personal information would be used contrary to this policy, you will receive prior notice); and/or
For our internal development and market research, we may collect survey information from you and share the results with our affiliates, consultants, vendors and service providers as applicable and authorized by this Privacy Policy.

Without limiting the above, in an effort to respect your privacy and our ability to keep the community free from bad actors, we will disclose your personal information to law enforcement, other government officials, or other third parties only if such parties have a subpoena, court order, or substantially similar legal procedure, or if we believe in good faith that the disclosure of information is necessary to prevent imminent physical harm or financial loss or to report suspected illegal activity.Some portions of the eBay Commerce Network allow you to contribute ratings, reviews, tags, comments, and other content, either on one of our websites or via our product review services on other websites. This content may be displayed publicly on the eBay Commerce Network and elsewhere on the web. The reviews and comments you publish may be displayed with your member or user name. Registered members can publish reviews by logging in to their accounts; reviews submitted through our product review services cannot be deleted once uploaded. For some of our features, other members may be able to request email notifications of your new public content or publish their own comments to your reviews. You can also choose to make your wish lists private, but they are public by default.

We may use the public content to develop aggregate ratings, personalize site views, market products or identify or feature popular members. For example, we may promote most popular or highest-earning reviews and members. While we do not expect to transfer the complete review rating and web of trust database to others (except as discussed in this policy), we use the database throughout our network and to generate results for others.

Your ECN User ID is displayed throughout the eBay Commerce Network (and so it is available to the public), and is connected to all of your ECN activity. This means that other people can see the feedback, ratings, and comments associated with your User ID. Notices sent to other community members about suspicious activity and policy violations on our sites likewise refer to specific User IDs. Therefore, if you associate your name with your User ID, the people to whom you have revealed your name will be able to personally identify your ECN activities.

If you access our sites from a shared computer or a computer in an internet café, you must log out of your account after use, or else certain information about you such as your User ID, activity, or reminders from eBay may be visible to other individuals who use the computer after you.When you access our websites or use our applications, services, or tools, we may place small data files on your computer or other device. These data files may be cookies, pixel tags, "Flash cookies," or other local storage provided by your browser or associated applications ("Cookies"). We use these data files to help us identify you as a user, customize our services, content and advertising, to measure promotional effectiveness, and to promote trust and safety. For more detailed information on our use of Cookies, see , see Cookies and Your Privacy.

A few important things you should know about our use of Cookies:
We offer certain features that are available only through the use of Cookies
We use both session and persistent Cookies. Session Cookies expire and no longer have any effect when you log out of your account or close your browser. Persistent Cookies remain on your device until you erase them or they expire
You are always free to decline Cookies if your browser permits, although doing so may interfere with your use of our websites, applications, and/or services and tools. Refer to the help section of your browser, browser extensions, or installed applications for instructions on blocking, deleting, or disabling Cookies
We encode and protect our Cookies so that only we can interpret the information stored in them
You may encounter Cookies from third parties, known as service providers, that we have allowed on our site that assist us with various aspects of our web site operations and services
You also may encounter Cookies from third parties on certain pages of the websites that we do not control and have not authorized. (For example, if you view a web page created by another user, there may be a cookie placed by that web page)eBay Inc. does not tolerate spam on the eBay Commerce Network. We do not send emails to anyone without permission, and we do not sell or rent email addresses to any unauthorized third party. This does not mean that we can prevent spam from happening on the Internet. If you believe that you have received an unsolicited email from us, please contact our Privacy Department as directed below and we will investigate.Registered members can review and change personal information at any time by accessing the member page on their country version of Shopping.com (the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Germany and Australia ) or Epinions. You should promptly update your personal information if it changes or becomes inaccurate. You can make your ECN wish lists private by clicking “MyLists” and indicating that you want to keep your lists private. You can close your Shopping.com account by contacting Customer Support for the following country versions of Shopping.com through the following links: the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Germany and Australia, or your Epinions account by clicking here. We may retain some information from closed accounts so that we can comply with law, prevent fraud, assist with investigations, resolve disputes, analyze or troubleshoot programs, enforce our User Agreement, or take other actions permitted by law.  Likewise if your account or membership is terminated or suspended, we may maintain some information to prevent re-registration.We store and process your information on our servers located in the United States and around the world. We maintain appropriate technical, physical, and administrative security measures to protect the security of your personal information against loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure or alteration. We take steps to ensure that the personal information we collect is accurate and up to date, and delete any information that is no longer useful or relevant to our operations.Our ECN websites may contain links to other third party websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these sites. If you have concerns about how other websites collect and use information about you, make sure to read that site's own privacy policy.You'll sometimes see eBay Commerce Network content on other websites, labeled "Powered by eBay Commerce Network." For example, we syndicate our eBay Commerce Network listings for use on other companies' websites. These listings appear with another company's logo at the top of the page. When you browse these syndicated listings, you are subject to that company's privacy policy, and eBay Inc. does not collect any personal information about you or receive any personal information from these other companies. The privacy practices of our corporate family are consistent with those described in this Privacy Policy and our BCRs.

You may also interact with our product review services on websites operated by other companies. When you submit reviews or other content using our product review services, the information we collect is subject to our policies. We clearly label our product review services with the ECN Privacy Policy and User Agreement.If your questions are not answered online, you may write to us at: eBay Inc. Attn: Legal - Global Privacy Practices, 2145 Hamilton Avenue, San Jose, California 95125, or using the Contact Us form. More information about the Global Privacy Office or how to contact us is available at our eBay Privacy Center.MedicineNet Privacy Policy Summary

MedicineNet, Inc. - Owned and Operated by WebMD and part of the WebMD Network

WebMD understands how important the privacy of personal information is to our users. We understand that your privacy matters and we respect your privacy choices. This summary of our privacy policy is intended to give you an overview of:
What information we collect about you
What choices you have about your information
How we use your information
How and with whom we may share the information we have about you
How we protect your information
How to contact us with questions or concerns

We urge you to take the time to read our entire Privacy Policy for complete detail about our privacy practices and your information.We may collect "Personal Information" about you – such as your name, address, telephone number, email address or health information – in the following ways:
When you register for or update an existing profile on our web sites or Apps or register for the WebMD Health Manager;
When you use certain interactive tools and services (e.g., the Ovulation/Pregnancy Calendar or Symptom Checker);
When you sign-up for newsletters or other communications from WebMD;
When you use our "Email a Friend" service;
When you participate in an online survey; or
When you provide personal information in a community area or other public forum.

We may collect "Non-Personal Information" – information that cannot be used to identify you – via Cookies, Web Beacons, WebMD mobile device applications and from external sources, even if you have not registered with or provided any Personal Information to WebMD.

Read more about Information Collected About YouIf you do not want your Personal Information used by WebMD as provided in this Privacy Policy, you should not register as a member or for any specific tool or application that collects Personal Information. You may correct, update or review Personal Information you have submitted through registration, tools and applications by signing in and updating your registration information. If you have registered and no longer want WebMD to use your Personal Information, you should delete your information as described in this Policy.

Most browser software can be set to reject Cookies, and you can opt out of Cookies for several Ad Servers by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative gateway opt-out site.

You can click on the Ad Choices logo at the bottom of every page of the WebMD web sites to stop tailored advertising from WebMD.

Read more about "What Choices Do I Have?", "Cookies" and "TRUSTed Ads Program Ad Choices"We may use information we collect about you to:
Administer your account;
Provide you with access to particular tools and services;
Respond to your inquiries and send you administrative communications;
Obtain your feedback on our sites and our offerings;
Statistically analyze user behavior and activity;
Provide you with more relevant content and advertisements;
Conduct research and measurement activities; or
Send you personalized emails or secure electronic messages pertaining to your health interests, including news, announcements, reminders and opportunities.

We may combine Personal and Non-Personal Information collected by WebMD about you, and may combine this information with information from external sources. Third parties may also use Non-Personal Information in order to display advertising that reflects the interests and preferences of our user community.

Read more about How Information Collected About You Is UsedWebMD will not disclose any Personal Information about you unless specifically agreed to by you or:
To comply with legal requirements, such as a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena, or court order;
To our vendors and suppliers in the course of their provision of products or services to WebMD;
In the event of a corporate change in control resulting from, for example, a merger, a sale of assets, or bankruptcy; or
In special cases, such as in response to a physical threat to you or others.

WebMD does not make your Personal Information available to third parties for their marketing purposes.

Read more about With Whom Do We Share Your Information? We have put in place technical, physical, and administrative safeguards to protect the Personal Information that we collect.

Read more about How Do We Secure Your Information? Please contact send us an email using the Contact Us link at the bottom of every page of our site if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Personal Information we maintain about you.

You can also contact WebMD's Privacy Office at:
WebMD, LLC
Attn: Office of Privacy
1201 Peachtree Street, NE
400 Colony Square, Suite 2100
Atlanta, GA 30361
Phone: 866-788-3097WebMD understands how important the privacy of personal information is to our users. This Privacy Policy will tell you what information we collect about you and about your use of WebMD and its services. It will explain the choices you have about how your personal information is used and how we protect that information. We urge you to read this Privacy Policy carefully.

This Privacy Policy applies to Web sites owned and operated by WebMD that are intended for use by consumers (non-professionals) for non-commercial personal, family or household purposes, including WebMD.com, MedicineNet.com, RxList.com, and eMedicineHealth.com and including the mobile optimized versions of these sites (we refer to these sites collectively as the "WebMD Web Sites"). This Privacy Policy also applies to the consumer-facing version of the WebMD Health Manager Product. However, if you are an employee or health plan member who has enabled access to your health record at WebMD.com by registering at your employer's or health plan's website, the privacy policy applicable to your information at your employer's or health plan's website remains applicable to your personal health record at WebMD.com. If your employer or health plan account is no longer made available to you by your employer or health plan, you will continue to have access to your health information from WebMD.com, using the same username and password, but will be subject to this Privacy Policy. Except where noted, statements in this Privacy Policy with respect to the WebMD Web Sites also apply to the WebMD Mobile Device Application (or "App") including the WebMD Baby Mobile Device App for the iPhone, the iPad and mobile devices operating with the Android operating system.

References to "WebMD" mean WebMD LLC, including any company that WebMD, LLC controls (for example, a subsidiary that WebMD, LLC owns). WebMD may share information among its subsidiaries or web sites that it owns or controls, but information collected under this Privacy Policy is always protected under the terms of this Privacy Policy.Personal Information

If you choose to register or update an existing member profile with WebMD or access certain functionality on the WebMD Web Sites, you may be required to submit Personal Information. "Personal Information" means information that we can use to identify or contact you, such as your name, address, telephone number or email address. Some of our interactive tools and services may request you to submit health information, which would also be considered Personal Information. You are responsible for ensuring the accuracy of the Personal Information that you submit to WebMD. Inaccurate information will affect your experience when using the WebMD Web Sites and tools and our ability to contact you as described in this Privacy Policy.

Registration
Access to some WebMD interactive tools and services may be limited to users who have registered. Some of our tools (such as certain quizzes or calculators) do not retain your Personal Information, while others (such as Ovulation/Pregnancy Calendar) store your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the authorization you provide at the time you submit Personal Information in order to use the tool. WebMD Health Manager, which allows you a secure place to gather, store, manage and share your Personal Information and provides tools and services to better manage your health and the health of your family, requires additional registration. WebMD Health Manager has the ability to use Personal Information that you provide to send you personalized emails or secure electronic messages. However, WebMD does not allow any third parties to place beacons or cookies or to gather any data about you in connection with your use of the WebMD Health Manager. Furthermore, WebMD does not use any information that you submit in connection with that tool to deliver any advertisements to you on or off of the WebMD Web Sites.

If you download the WebMD Magazine App from the Apple App Store News Stand and agree to provide your information to WebMD, your information will be treated like that of a registered user under this Privacy Policy.

Newsletters & Emails to You
At registration and at various times as you use the WebMD Web Sites, you will be given the option of providing us with Personal Information in order to receive recurring informational/promotional newsletters – such as a newsletter relating to a specific health condition – via email from WebMD and/or directly from third parties. From time to time WebMD makes subscriptions to our newsletters available on third party websites. If you sign up for one of our newsletters on a third party site the site will provide us with your Personal Information such as your email address and we may use that information as described in this Privacy Policy as though you had provided it directly to WebMD. In the WebMD Health Community, you can also click the "Watch This Discussion" link in any Health Community posting, and WebMD will send you an email summary of each day's postings in that Community.

When you sign up for our email newsletters on the WebMD Web Sites or at any time, you can choose to opt out of receiving additional promotional newsletters from WebMD or our Sponsors.

You can unsubscribe from a newsletter by:
Following the directions included at the bottom of the newsletter.
Logging in to the WebMD Web Sites and unchecking the newsletters you no longer wish to receive under the "My Profile" section.

Email a Friend
If you use our Email a Friend service to tell a friend about a feature on the WebMD Web Sites or a newsletter, we will ask you for your name, your email address and your friend's email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site using your name and email address as the "from" email address. WebMD does not use your friend's email information for any other purpose. We will only use the information you provide to send the requested email to your friend.

Market Research
From time to time, WebMD may conduct online research surveys through email invitations, pop-up surveys and online focus groups. When participating in a survey, we may ask you to enter Personal Information. The Personal Information you submit in a survey may be used by WebMD for research and measurement purposes, as described below, including to measure the effectiveness of content, advertising or programs. When our market research surveys collect Personal Information we will not knowingly accept participants who are under the age of 13. Market research surveys conducted by or on behalf of WebMD will contain a link to this Privacy Policy.

Community, Health Communities, Blogs and Other Public Forums

WebMD features several community areas and other public forums where users with similar interests or medical conditions can share information and support one another or where users can post questions for experts to answer. We also offer online discussions moderated by healthcare experts. Our communities are open to the public and should not be considered private.

Any information (including Personal Information) you share in any online community area including a chat room, Health Community, Ask Our Expert posting or online discussion is by design open to the public and is not private. You should think carefully before posting any Personal Information in any public forum. What you post can be seen, disclosed to or collected by third parties and may be used by others in ways we cannot control or predict, including to contact you for unauthorized purposes. As with any public forum on any site, the information you post may also show up in third-party search engines.

If you mistakenly post Personal Information in our Community areas and would like it removed, you can send us an email to request that we remove it by using the Contact Us link on every page of the WebMD Web Sites. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your Personal Information.

Emails You Send to WebMD
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information, content, business information, ideas, concepts or inventions that you send to WebMD by email. If you want to keep content or business information, ideas, concepts or inventions private or proprietary, do not send them in an email to WebMD.

Non-Personal Information
Even if you do not register with or provide any Personal Information to WebMD, we collect Non-Personal Information about your use of the WebMD Web Sites. "Non-Personal Information" means information that we cannot use to identify or contact you. We may also acquire Non-Personal Information about our users from external sources. While you may use some of the functionality of WebMD without registration, many of the specific tools and services on the WebMD Web Sites require that you register with WebMD.

Cookies and Web Beacons
We collect Non-Personal Information about your use of the WebMD Web Sites and your use of other web sites through the use of Cookies and Web Beacons. "Cookies" are small data files that are stored on the hard drive of the computer you use to view a web site. Every computer that accesses the WebMD Web Sites is assigned a different cookie by WebMD. "Web Beacons" are graphic image files imbedded in a web page typically used to monitor activity on a web page and send back to its home server (which can belong to the host site, a network advertiser or some other third party) information from your browser, such as the IP address, the URL of the page on which the beacon is located, the type browser that is accessing the site and the ID number of any Cookies on your computer previously placed by that server.

Third parties under contract with WebMD may use Cookies or Web Beacons to collect Non-Personal Information about your usage of the WebMD Web Sites, including which health topics you have viewed. These third party advertising service providers may use this information, on our behalf, to help WebMD deliver advertising on the WebMD Web Sites as well as on other sites on the Internet based on your browsing activity on our sites. WebMD may further tailor the advertising on these third party sites based on additional Non-Personal Information to the extent known by WebMD or these third parties.

Mobile Device Applications ("Apps") and Mobile Optimized Sites

When you download and install one of our WebMD Mobile Apps onto your mobile device we assign a random number to your App installation. This number cannot be used to identify you personally, and we cannot identify you personally unless you choose to become a registered user of the App. We use this random number in a manner similar to our use of Cookies as described in this Privacy Policy. Unlike Cookies, the random number is assigned to your installation of the App itself and not a browser, because the App does not work through your browser. Therefore the random number cannot be removed through settings. If you do not want us to use the random number for the purposes for which we use Cookies, please do not use the Mobile Device Apps. Also, due to technical limitations, our TRUSTed Ads™ program is not implemented on our Mobile Device Apps and if you are using an IOS device, on our mobile optimized sites. Because some of the content on our Mobile Device Apps direct your mobile device to our website you will be exposed to the cookies that we use and to third party cookies that may be contained in advertisements that we do not control and will be unable to delete any of these cookies with your mobile device. Therefore, if you do not want to use these cookies when you use your mobile device you should not use our Mobile Device Apps and you should set your mobile device to reject cookies when you use our mobile optimized sites.

Non-Personal Information Collected by Third Parties Not Acting on WebMD's Behalf
We work with third parties to display advertising that reflects the interests and preferences of our user community. Sponsors or advertisers on the WebMD Web Sites may use their own Cookies, Web Beacons or other online tracking technologies in the banner advertisements served on the WebMD Web Sites and in emails, special promotions or newsletters we send you. Their advertisements may be displayed on the WebMD Web Sites or on other sites that you visit after you visit the WebMD Web Sites. Some advertisers use companies other than WebMD to serve their ads and to monitor users' responses to ads, and these companies ("Ad Servers") may also collect Non-Personal Information through the use of Cookies or Web Beacons on the WebMD Web Sites.
We do not control how third parties use Cookies or Web Beacons or how they manage the Non-Personal Information they gather through the use of these technologies on the WebMD Web Sites. However, we do require sponsors, advertisers and Ad Servers who collect cookie or web beacon information through the WebMD Web Sites to agree that they will not collect any Personal Information from the WebMD Web Sites without your consent. They have promised us they will not link any Non-Personal Information collected by them on the WebMD Web Sites to Personal Information they or others collect in other ways or from other sites except as may be described in connection with a particular program.Updating/Removing Your Personal Information

If you do not want your Personal Information used by WebMD as provided in this Privacy Policy, you should not register as a member or for any specific tool or application that collects Personal Information. You can correct, update or review Personal Information you have previously submitted by going back to the specific tool or application, logging-in and making the desired change. You can also update any Personal Information you have submitted by contacting us using the contact information listed below.

If you have registered and desire to delete any of your Personal Information you have provided to us from our systems please contact us using the contact information listed below. Upon your request, we will delete your Personal Information from our active databases and where feasible from our back-up media. You should be aware that it is not technologically possible to remove each and every record of the information you have provided to the WebMD Web Sites from our servers.

If you decide that you would prefer not to receive personalized email or secure electronic messages from the WebMD Health Manager tool, you may "Opt-out" of the service by clicking on the settings tab on your Health Manager home page and changing your email preference or following the unsubscribe instructions included in each promotional email.

Cookies
Most browser software can be set to reject Cookies. Most browsers offer instructions on how to reset the browser to reject Cookies in the "Help" section of the toolbar. If you reject our Cookies, certain of the functions and conveniences of the WebMD Web Sites may not work properly but you do not have to accept our Cookies in order to productively use the WebMD Web Sites. It is important to note that in order to use the opt-out services described below, such as the Network Advertising Initiative and the TRUSTed Ads Program, you must not reject all Cookies because these opt-out procedures work by placing Cookies on your browser that enable these opt-out procedures to function. The "opt-out Cookies" are placed, for example, in order to help prevent the placement of Cookies used for the targeting of advertising.

Certain Ad Servers allow you to prevent them from collecting data through the use of Cookies. In order to do so, you must Opt-out of such data collection with each individual site. Currently, you can opt out of Cookies for several Ad Servers by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative gateway opt-out site or TRUSTe's Preference Manager at http://preferences.truste.com/. This website will also allow you to review the Ad Server's privacy policies. You can find additional information and resources about how to opt out of advertising and related Cookies by visiting the World Privacy Forum's Site.

We work with third party ad networks to display advertising on our Sites. Our ad network vendors use technologies to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on our web sites to provide you cookie-based targeted advertising based upon your browsing activity and your interests. To read about how to opt out of targeted advertising on the WebMD mobile sites see the section of this policy named TRUSTed Ads Program Ad Choices below. The WebMD Web Sites do not respond to web browser "do not track" signals.

TRUSTed Ads Program Ad Choices
In order to give you more control over your privacy choices we have implemented the TRUSTed Ads™ program from TRUSTe. At the bottom of every page of the WebMD Web Sites you will see an Ad Choices logo, (which looks like this: ). By clicking on that logo you will be presented with a window (the "TRUSTe Window") that will identify all of the companies that WebMD uses to direct tailored advertisements to you, both on the WebMD Web Sites as well as on third-party sites. If you would like to stop this tailored advertising from WebMD, you can manage these advertisements through the choices in that window. By clicking the + symbol next to the name of a vendor in that window you will get information about how and where that vendor assists us with the delivery of advertisements. The WebMD Web Sites do not respond to web browser "do not track" signals. The TRUSTed Ads Program is not available on our Mobile Device Apps and if you are using an iOS device on our mobile optimized sites. Please see the Section entitled "Mobile Device Applications ("Apps") and Mobile Optimized Sites."

Important: If your device uses the Apple iOS Operating System, you will not see the Ad Choices icon on our mobile optimized sites (such as www.m.webmd.com.) Advertisements are not tailored based on browsing activity or interests for devices that access our mobile optimized web sites using the iOS operating system, including iPhone, iPad, and iPod Touch.Information collected by WebMD about you is used by WebMD to:
administer your account,
provide you with access to particular tools and services,
respond to your inquiries you send to us and to send you administrative communications about the WebMD Web Sites or services,
obtain your feedback about the WebMD Web Sites or our offerings,
statistically analyze user behavior and activity including how frequently areas of the site are visited and how many emails are received and opened,
provide you with more relevant content or advertising both on the WebMD Web Sites or on other web sites that you visit after you leave the WebMD Web Sites; and
conduct research and measurement activities, including those described below.

WebMD may combine Personal and Non-Personal Information collected by WebMD about you, and may combine this information with information from external sources. WebMD Health Manager has the ability to use Personal Information that you provide to send you personalized emails or secure electronic messages. During registration or at any time, you have the option of choosing whether or not you wish to receive emails pertaining to your health interests, including news, announcements, reminders and opportunities. The WebMD Health Manager email service requires an "opt-in" authorization from you.

We also use Cookies in order to enable us to conduct surveys for our own use and on behalf of our advertisers. These Cookies are used to determine whether you have seen certain content or advertising so that we may request your opinions. We may also use Cookies to authenticate respondents or to help you pick up where you left off in a survey. If you have Cookies disabled you may not be able to participate in some surveys.

Research and Measurement Activities
Information that WebMD collects about you may be combined by WebMD with other information available to WebMD through third parties for research and measurement purposes, including measuring the effectiveness of content, advertising or programs. This information from other sources may include age, gender, demographic, geographic, personal interests, product purchase activity or other information. We may report aggregate information, which is not able to be identified back to an individual user of the WebMD Web Sites, to our current or prospective advertisers and other business partners. We do not sell or share any Personal Information with any third parties, except contractors performing services on our behalf who agree not to use this information received from us for any purpose other than performing services on our behalf.Except as described in this Privacy Policy or as specifically agreed to by you, WebMD will not disclose any Personal Information it gathers from you through the WebMD Web Sites. We may only release Personal Information to third parties: (1) to comply with legal requirements such as a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena or court order; or (2) in special cases, such as in response to a physical threat to you or others, to protect property or defend or assert legal rights. In addition, we may disclose Personal Information as described below.

In the event of a corporate change in control resulting from, for example, a sale to, or merger with, another entity, or in the event of a sale of assets or a bankruptcy, WebMD reserves the right to transfer your Personal Information to the new party in control or the party acquiring assets. In the event of such a change, your Personal Information will continue to be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy unless any changes to the Privacy Policy are made in accordance with the section below that discusses "Changes to This Privacy Policy."

Disclosures to WebMD Operations and Maintenance Contractor
WebMD contractors sometimes have limited access to your Personal and Non-Personal Information in the course of providing products or services to WebMD. These contractors include vendors and suppliers that provide us with technology, services, data analysis, research, advertising and marketing assistance and/or content for the operation and maintenance of the WebMD Web Sites. We contractually require that our operations and maintenance contractors: 1) protect the privacy of your Personal and Non-Personal Information consistent with this Privacy Policy and 2) not use or disclose your Personal or Non-Personal Information for any purpose other than providing the limited service or function for WebMD.

Disclosures to Third Party Web Sites
Certain content, services and advertisements offered to you through the WebMD Web Sites are served on, or contain links to, web sites hosted and operated by a company other than WebMD ("Third Party Web Sites"). WebMD does not disclose your Personal Information to these Third Party Web Sites without your consent, but you should be aware that any information you disclose to the other web sites once you access these other web sites is not subject to this Privacy Policy. WebMD does not endorse and is not responsible for the privacy practices of these Third Party Web Sites. You should review the privacy policy posted on the other web site to understand how that Third Party Web Site collects and uses your Personal Information. WebMD makes an effort to make it obvious to you when you leave our website and enter a Third Party Web Site, either by requiring you to click on a link or by notifying you on the site before you visit the third party site. In addition, if you see a phrase such as "Powered by" or "in association with" followed by the name of a company other than WebMD, then you are on a web site hosted by a company other than WebMD.We take reasonable security measures to protect the security of your Personal Information. Despite WebMD's efforts to protect your Personal Information, there is always some risk that an unauthorized third party may find a way around our security systems or that transmissions of your information over the Internet may be intercepted.

The security of your Personal Information is important to us. When you enter Personal Information (including personal health information in various tools on our website), we encrypt the transmission of that information or use SSL connections (Secure Socket Layer) technology.
We will retain your Personal Information as long as your account is active or needed to provide you services. At any time you can remove your Personal Information or instruct us to remove it, but you should be aware that it is not technologically possible to remove each and every record of the information you have provided to WebMD from our servers. WebMD tools that collect and store Personal Information allow you to correct, update or review information you have submitted by going back to the specific tool, logging-in and making the desired changes. We will also retain your Personal Information as necessary to comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. The WebMD Web Sites are not designed or intended to attract children under the age of 13. The WebMD Web Sites do not collect Personal Information from any person we actually know is under the age of 13. A parent or guardian, however, may use WebMD Health Manager to establish a personal health record and a WebMD Health Manager home page for a minor. The parent or guardian is solely responsible for providing supervision of the minor's use of WebMD Health Manager. The parent or guardian assumes full responsibility for ensuring that the registration information is kept secure and that the information submitted is accurate. The parent or guardian also assumes full responsibility for the interpretation and use of any information or suggestions provided through WebMD Health Manager for the minor.Please send us an email by using the Contact Us link at the bottom of every page of our site if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Personal Information we maintain about you.

You can also contact WebMD's Privacy Office at:
WebMD, LLC
Attn: Office of Privacy
1201 Peachtree Street, NE
400 Colony Square, Suite 2100
Atlanta, GA 30361
Phone: 866-788-3097We reserve the right to change or modify this Privacy Policy or any of our tools or services at any time and any changes will be effective upon being posted unless we advise otherwise. If we make any material changes to this policy we will notify you by email (sent to the email address specified when you register) and/or by means of a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this website for the latest information on our privacy practices. If you do not accept the terms of this Privacy Policy, we ask that you do not register with us and that you do not use the WebMD Web Sites. Please exit the WebMD Web Sites immediately if you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.WebMD has been awarded e-Health accreditation from URAC, formerly the American HealthCare Accreditation Association. URAC is an independent accrediting body that has reviewed and approved WebMD's WebMD.com Web sites for compliance with its more than 45 quality and ethics standards. To verify our compliance click the URAC logo. To read more, visit the URAC Education Center on WebMD.

WebMD is a licensee of the TRUSTe Privacy Program. WebMD has been awarded TRUSTe's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe's program requirements including transparency, accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information. TRUSTe's mission, as an independent third party, is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions. If you have questions or complaints regarding our Privacy Policy or practices, please email us by using the Contact Us link at the bottom of each page of our site. If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here. Please bear in mind that TRUSTe's Watchdog service and certification is for the WebMD.com, MedicineNet.com, and the WebMD Health Manager sites and does not cover information that may be collected through other WebMD websites, mobile applications or mobile websites. Only information collected by WebMD.com, MedicineNet.com, or WebMD Health Manager should be reported in a TRUSTe Watchdog complaint.

WebMD.com, MedicineNet.com, and eMedicineHealth.com comply with the HONcode standard for trustworthy health information, which can be verified here.

Effective Date: May 06, 2013

© 2013 WebMD, LLC. All rights reserved.Privacy Policy

This privacy statement describes how ITHAKA collects and uses the personal information you provide on our Web sites: www.ithaka.org, www.jstor.org and www.portico.org. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information. ITHAKA is committed to protecting the privacy of users of its website and services, including users of JSTOR and JSTOR-branded services (Current Scholarship Program, Individual Access, Publisher Sales Service) and Portico (collectively, "ITHAKA Websites"). To better inform you of our policy concerning user privacy, we have adopted the following terms, which adhere to the Safe Harbor Principles issued by the U.S. Department of Commerce.

ITHAKA has been awarded TRUSTe's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe's program requirements including transparency, accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information. The TRUSTe program covers information collected through these Web sites, www.ithaka.org, www.jstor.org and www.portico.org. TRUSTe's mission, as an independent third party, is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions. If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices, please contact us at privacy@ithaka.org. If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here.

TRUSTe online privacy certificationThe personal information ITHAKA collects will depend on how you are using ITHAKA Websites. To enable your access to the JSTOR and Portico services through your library or institution, we may collect information concerning the institution's internet protocol address, your username and password, or other authentication methods, such as Shibboleth. To facilitate your order through the Publisher Sales Service (a service through the JSTOR archive that facilitates the purchase of articles from publishers), the Current Scholarship Program, and Individual Access, as well as your purchase of ITHAKA and its services' brand merchandise, we collect your name, postal address, email address, credit card details, and transactional information. In connection with your creation of a MyJSTOR account, we collect your name, email address, username, and password, as well as other information you may provide. We also may collect certain non-personally identifiable information, such as the type of browser you are using (e.g., Netscape, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using (e.g., Windows or Mac), and the domain name of your Internet service provider. In addition, we may collect personally identifiable information through correspondence you send to us through optional surveys we may post on ITHAKA Websites, and in connection with statements you may post on any ITHAKA-related page on social networking sites. Please note that in some instances, Ithaka S+R may be contracted to provide services to third parties which may involve collecting your personally identifiable information. In such cases, the privacy policy governing the collection of your personally identifiable information shall be as set forth in such third parties' privacy policies. However, unless you provide us or organizations with which we conduct business with personally identifiable information, you remain anonymous to us other than by association with an internet protocol address or other authentication mechanism.
ITHAKA does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If it is discovered that we have collected PII from someone under 13 we will delete that information immediately.We use the personal information collected in ways that are compatible with the purposes for which it was intended to be used: to enable your use of ITHAKA Websites and ITHAKA's services; to facilitate the Publisher Sales Service; to create your MyJSTOR account; to facilitate your purchase of ITHAKA-branded merchandise; to respond to your inquiries; for system administration, customer support, and troubleshooting purposes; and product service announcements; for sending newsletters; to improve the design of ITHAKA Websites; to enable us to enforce our JSTOR Terms and Conditions of Use and the Portico Terms and Conditions of Use; and in aggregate form, to track and analyze site usage. Further, in connection with postings you may make that are available to the general public on any ITHAKA-related page on social networking sites, including but not limited to statements made on the JSTOR page on Facebook and on Twitter, we may use your name, statement, comment, and affiliation in conference presentations, JSTOR's newsletters, and marketing and announcement materials. ITHAKA will take reasonable steps to ensure that personal information is relevant to its intended use, accurate, complete, and current. If you wish to opt out of our use of your personally identifiable information see the "Your Consent;Opting out" section belowITHAKA employs "cookie" technology. Cookies are small pieces of text that are stored on your computer and act as a tool for controlling certain system variables and storing system configuration information in the WWW environment. ITHAKA uses cookies to store user preferences for viewing and printing and to store authentication information. No personal information is extracted in the cookie setting process, and we do not use cookies to identify what other sites or pages you have visited. We do however use certain tools to understand the flow of traffic to and from ITHAKA websites, for more information please see Use of Cookies. Any use of advertisements in the operation of our site will not permit the placement of a cookie on your browser. For further information, please see Use of Cookies. Our service providers use cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site. The use of cookies by our service providers is not covered by our privacy policy. We do not have access or control over these cookies.Our Web site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets such as the Email Citation function or interactive mini-programs that run on our site ("Features"). These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.ITHAKA may work with other organizations that provide specific services for us, such as credit card processing. We will provide only the personal information necessary for the third party to provide these services for us. These organizations may not use personal information except for the purpose of providing these services.
ITHAKA may also transfer personally identifiable information to third parties, such as applicable publishers, other content providers, and libraries, who can better assist with your inquiries, to facilitate order fulfillment for the Current Scholarship Program, and to enable them to inform users of services provided by ITHAKA and/or the third parties' products and services that may be of interest. We require that these parties agree to process such information based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate security measures.

ITHAKA does not sell or share personal information about or the purchasing history of individual users, except as set forth above and in the following circumstances:
if required to do so by law or if we believe in good faith that such action is necessary to comply with the law or a legal proceeding; to protect against violations of our Terms and Conditions of Use; or to protect and defend our rights and property or the rights and property of rights holders whose content is made available through ITHAKA Websites;
with service providers with whom we have entered into agreements to assist us with our business operations;
if ITHAKA is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information;
if you are accessing JSTOR through a token provided by your institution, on request from the institution solely for user verification purposes by the institution that provided the token; and
other third parties, such as an institution with which you are affiliated, where you explicitly consent to our sharing your information.




In addition, ITHAKA shares general usage data in aggregated form so that no personal information is identifiable to participating institutions, content providers, researchers, and the general public. ITHAKA will provide you all of your retained personal information provided at registration (where applicable) on request.By using ITHAKA Websites, you consent to the collection and use, in accordance with this policy, of the information you provide to us. We will remove you and your personally identifiable information from our records or refrain from using your personally identifiable information in connection with certain services on request if you contact us with your request at privacy@ithaka.org. Please note that this may prevent you from accessing ITHAKA's services, including JSTOR, MyJSTOR, and the Publisher Sales Service.
You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails or you can contact us at privacy@ithaka.org.We protect your personal information from unauthorized access and disclosure through the use of passwords, physical security measures, managerial measures, and (in connection with credit card information for order sales through the Publisher Sales Service, Current Scholarship Program, Individual Access, and for purchase of ITHAKA and its services' brand merchandise) encryption. We nonetheless recognize that third parties may obtain access to information through unlawful actions, and thus do not promise that your information always will remain private, despite our efforts and the importance we place on maintaining your privacy. In addition, we do not claim any responsibility for information collected by or from websites linking to or from ITHAKA Websites.
In the event that we discover or are notified of a security breach where personal information is at risk, we will notify you electronically if we have your email address. If you do not wish to be notified via email in the event of a breach, please contact us at privacy@ithaka.org.If you would like to review, delete or update your information, you may contact us using the contact information below. We will take reasonable steps to permit you to correct, amend, or delete information that is demonstrated to be inaccurate. Please note, because of the way we maintain certain services, after you delete or amend your information, residual copies may take a period of time before they are deleted from our active servers and may remain in our backup systems.

You will need to provide sufficient identifying information, such as your name and email address and possible additional identifying information as a security precaution. We may limit or deny access to personal information where providing such access would be unreasonably burdensome or expensive under the circumstances, or as otherwise permitted by the Safe Harbor Principles.We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at privacy@ithaka.org. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.If you choose to use our referral service to send a citation to a friend, we will ask you for your friend's email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site. ITHAKA stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email.
Your friend may contact us at privacy@ithaka.org to request that we remove this information from ourdatabase.We engage in periodic self-assessment to ensure compliance with our Privacy Policy. We verify that the policy is accurate, comprehensive for the information intended to be covered, prominently displayed, completely implemented, and in conformity with the Safe Harbor Principles. We encourage interested persons to raise any concerns with us using the contact information below. We will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of personal information in accordance with the principles contained in this policy.

Any claim arising out of or relating to our adherence to the Safe Harbor Principles, or the breach thereof, that cannot be resolved through our internal processes will be settled by arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association in accordance with its applicable commercial rules. Any arbitrator will be either an attorney or retired judge having significant and recognized experience with and knowledge of privacy issues and information technology. The arbitration panel should apply New York law, without regard to its conflict of laws principles, as well as the Safe Harbor Enforcement Principles issued by the U.S. Department of Commerce (http://export.gov/safeharbor/eu/eg_main_018476.asp). In addition, the exclusive location for such arbitration will be New York, New York. All decisions of the arbitration panel will be final and binding on the parties, which waive any right to further appeal the arbitration award, to the extent an appeal may be lawfully waived.

As a not-for-profit organization, we are not subject to the jurisdiction of the United States Federal Trade Commission, which oversees the implementation of Safe Harbor Principles; however, we agree to adhere to the Safe Harbor Principles in recognition of their importance in ensuring the protection of user information.We may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any change in how we use your personal information we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.If you have any inquiries about this Privacy Policy or its implementation, you may contact us at privacy@ithaka.org.
ITHAKA
151 East 61st Street
New York, New York 10065



Last updated on June 11, 2013Privacy and data protection

Air Berlin PLC & Co. Luftverkehrs KG ("airberlin") takes data protection extremely seriously. Below please find our guidelines in respect of the protection of your personal data.
airberlin, Saatwinkler Damm 42-43, 13627 Berlin  Impressum/ Contact » is the body responsible for website airberlin.com and the services associated with it.airberlin respects your privacy. Our company will collect and use your personal data worldwide only in strict accordance with the law. You can contact us at any time using the airberlin contact form » or by writing to us at Air Berlin PLC & Co. Luftverkehrs KG, Saatwinkler Damm 42-43, 13627 Berlin, should you have any questions or suggestions in respect of our data protection principles. Our aim is to guarantee you maximum security and confidentiality at all times.airberlin will collect and use your data only for certain purposes determined by airberlin. Use includes the appropriate permissible form of processing your data, in the sense of Germany's Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG), such as storing, modifying, forwarding, blocking, deleting and otherwise using. In particular, this includes:

1. The provision of transportation and other bookable services
airberlin will collect and use your personal data, where required, to process and complete your flight booking, including any services associated with this (such as registration at airberlin.com, the booking of additional services, etc.), or to help you with questions in respect of an online booking made on our website.
The data you must provide us with for this purpose is marked with an *. It includes in particular your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number and payment details, such as credit card or bank details. Any further data you provide voluntarily in association with your booking will help to improve the quality of our service.

2. Service
In addition, airberlin will collect and use any data you provide to it for the following purposes:
To deal with enquiries about special offers for products and/or services,
To enable us to provide general advice and deal with requests made to our service staff or on our website,
To process your feedback given in online surveys,
To deal with the take-up of special offers.

3. Sending of information & airberlin newsletters
As part of our customer relationship activities, we may send you general information by post, or information about services similar to those you have previously booked with us, via e-mail.
You may object to the use of your e-mail and/or postal address for promotional purposes at any time.
In addition, you can subscribe to our airberlin newsletter at any time, to receive general information tailored to your interests and find out about current special offers from airberlin and its partner companies via email. To view our current partner companies, click here ». Information is sent using BACKCLICK e-mail marketing and newsletter software. Further information can be found here ». You can withdraw your consent at any time.
Objections or withdrawals can be declared on the airberlin.com website or - where applicable - in the newsletter. Declarations made via e-mail or the airberlin.com website will not cost you any more than your normal transmission fee. To unsubscribe from a newsletter via the airberlin.com website, simply enter your e-mail address in "Unsubscribe".

4. topbonus
Information relating to how we handle your personal data in connection with our topbonus loyalty programme is available in our topbonus privacy policy ».airberlin will only pass on your personal data where permitted to do so by law or with your explicit agreement. Your data may be forwarded to appropriate departments within airberlin or contractual partners of airberlin, such as other airlines, marketing partners, financial service providers or credit agencies that provide services for airberlin. Other recipients of your data may include government institutions, in so far as airberlin is required to do so by law or an appropriate administrative order to do so exists.
If you are a member of the frequent flyer programme of a partner airline and would like a miles voucher for its frequent flyer programme to enable you to take an airberlin flight, or a codeshare flight with an airberlin flight number operated by the partner airline, airberlin will forward the data necessary to the company operating the selected programme to allow for this. Visit www.airberlin.com/topbonus » to find out for which flights or programmes miles vouchers can be issued. The data passed on will be restricted to that required to allow the miles voucher to be successfully redeemed. In principle, this includes: your first and last names, frequent flyer number and booking details (flight number, flight date, starting point, destination, booking class).When landing in certain destination countries, airberlin is required by law to pass on certain information about passengers to the security services of the country in question. Destination countries require airlines to pass on the following records, either individually or in combination:
"Advanced Passenger Information", or API data
"Passenger Name Record", or PNR data
"Secure Flight".

1. Advanced Passenger Information
The following countries which are served by airberlin currently require the submission of Advanced Passenger Information (API): China, Denmark, Finland, Dominican Republic, Jamaica, Canada, Cuba, India, Mexico, Norway, Austria, Russia, Sweden, USA, United Kingdom and United Arab Emirates.
For flights crossing the Schengen zone border into the EU, the EU Member States can demand that API data are sent in advance.  The provision of this information to the authorities, in the case of Germany to the police authorities, is designed to make it easier to enter the country legally and at the same time prevent illegal entry.
airberlin deletes its API data once it has been passed on to the police authorities in Germany or to the foreign authorities, after an interval of maximum 48 hours.
API data include information about the passenger's identity and details of travel documents. The exact data record varies from one country to another. Some countries also require information about the flight route and the number of passengers travelling together.

2. Passenger Name Record
For flights between the USA and the EU, airberlin is required to forward the Passenger Name Record ("PNR") to the customs authorities and the US Department of Homeland Security ("DHS"). The US customs authorities and the DHS use the data to defend against terrorism and combat cross-border crime.
The PNR contains travel and booing data, as well as information about the identity of the passenger. In particular, the date on which the PNR was first compiled and any subsequent changes are recorded. The PNR contains specific data relating to the flight (inc. route, flight number, departure and arrival times, flight duration, aircraft type, booking class), information relating to the identity of the passenger or passengers (name, address and contact number in place of residence and destination, information about certain supplementary services), information about the booking of the flight (payment method, invoice address, frequent flyer entry, name of the booking agency, name of the employee, codeshare information), as well as other flight-related data, such as baggage tag numbers.
The EU and the USA have reached an agreement » which forms the legal basis for the sharing of PNR data. Germany has implemented the terms of this agreement in national law. airberlin is therefore required to forward the data to the USA.
For flights between Canada and the EU, under an agreement reached between the EU and Canada, airberlin must add certain information contained in the PNR to the API and forward it to the Canadian security services.

3. Secure Flight
For flights in and over the USA, airberlin is required to forward personal data such as the names, sex and date of birth of a passenger to the Transportation Security Administration. If available, their "Redress Number" is also passed on. The transportation authorities require the data to increase the safety of air traffic. The transportation authorities are entitled to pass on the data to other US security services. The legal basis is provided by the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act. airberlin must also forward this data to the transportation authorities if the flight does not land in the USA, but flies through US air space.
For further information, click here »Upon written request and within an appropriate time frame, we will inform you of the nature of the data we have stored about you, the purpose of us storing it and any possible recipients or types of recipient of it. Likewise, we will correct, delete and/or block personal data if requested to do so by you, within what is legally permissible for its further processing, if it is shown to be factually incorrect, incomplete or irrelevant for processing.The airberlin.com website offers you a number of options for protecting your credit card details, details of your name, address and e-mail address, and other information provided by you. airberlin takes great care to ensure that the customer data it collects is stored securely. airberlin applies standard security measures - SSL encryption - via your browser. Should you not wish to give your credit card details when booking online, you can also make your booking by phone or through our Service Center.By using the airberlin website you accept that cookies are used as described below and that the pseudonymised data is saved for the purposes stated below even after your visit to the website has ended.
Permission to collect and store data using cookies may be revoked at any time with future effect by adapting your browser settings in such a way that your browser refuses to accept cookies.

1. Web analysis, Retargeting, Third party cookies
Cookies are small text files that are stored locally in the cache of the website visitor's internet browser. Cookies allow the internet browser to be recognised. There are different kinds of cookies, on the one hand, so-called session cookies, which are deleted once you close your browser, and on the other hand, temporary/permanent cookies, which are stored on your data carrier for a longer period of time or permanently.
On the one hand, airberlin uses session cookies, which are automatically deleted from the visitor's hard drive at the end of the browser session (end of the visit to the website). Session cookies are needed, for example, to enable customers to make flight bookings which extend over several pages.
In addition to this, airberlin also uses cookies which are stored for a longer period of time on the website visitor's hard drive. When the airberlin.com website is visited the next time, these cookies then recognise that the user has visited the site before and which entries and settings were given preference on previous occasions. These temporary or permanent cookies (which may have a lifetime of up to a year) are saved on the hard drive and are deleted automatically at the end of the specified time. These cookies are intended to make the airberlin.com websites more user-friendly, more effective and more secure and to help them meet customers' needs in the best possible way. In order to do this, they make it possible, without personally identifying the website visitor, to address targeted advertising to each internet browser, where an interest has already been shown in certain products. When a cookie is activated it is assigned a user ID. Personal data such as name, IP address or similar data are not associated with this user ID in any way and this is also not the intention. Only pseudonymised data is collected and saved using this cookie technology, such as which products are searched for, viewed or selected. On our websites technologies supplied by, e.g., etracker GmbH (www.etracker.com), doubleclick (http://www.google.com/doubleclick), Google Analytics (http://www.google.com/analytics/) or Maxymiser (www.maxymiser.com) are used. These record information on topics such as which web pages you have visited in the past or which products you have shown an interest in, so that adverts can be displayed which correspond as far as possible to the interests of the website visitor, without, of course, allowing the pseudonymised data to be linked to personal data.
It is possible that the data you have entered may be shared and used by third party suppliers through third party offers which we make available. This will also only happen in anonymised form and no link can be made at any time to your personal data. We work with various advertising partners on the basis of retargeting technologies. These help us to constantly improve the product and services we offer. In particular it allows us to address any internet browser which has already shown interest in our products with promotion campaigns, without personally identifying the visitor to the respective website. Studies have shown that displaying interest-based advertising holds more appeal for internet users than advertising which is not necessarily related to the user‘s interests. With retargeting, the display of promotional material is related to a cookie-based analysis of behaviour on previous visits, when a user profile was created under a pseudonym. On our websites technologies supplied by the following advertising partners are used: criteo (www.criteo.com), YD World (www.ydworld.com), adara media (www.adaramedia.com).
Permission to collect and store data using cookies may be revoked at any time with future effect by disabling the use of cookies for the respective supplier via the following links:
http://www.google.com/privacy/ads/
http://www.maxymiser.com/cookie_optout.htm
http://www.criteo.com/en/privacy-policy
YD World
http://www.adaramedia.com/opt-out.php

2. Social Plugins
In addition social plugins from the social networking site facebook.com (which is run by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA) are used ("Facebook"). These plugins are identified by a Facebook logo or the phrase "Facebook Social Plugin". When you access a page on our website that contains one of these plugins, your browser sets up a direct link to the Facebook server and Facebook transmits the content of the plugin directly to your browser, which then integrates the content into the web page. This means that Facebook is informed that you have accessed the particular page of our website. If you are logged into Facebook, Facebook can map the visit to your Facebook account. When you use one of the Facebook plugins, for example the "Like" button or you post a comment, information to this effect is sent directly from your browser to Facebook and saved there. Please read Facebook's privacy policy » to learn more about the purpose and amount of data collected, about the further use or distribution of the data by Facebook and about your rights in this respect and how to protect your privacy.Please be aware that other websites, including those that can be accessed via our site, e.g. by hyperlink, may also record personal data. Our data protection policy does not cover the data protection practice of these external websites linked to www.airberlin.com or other websites.If you have any queries or suggestions relating to our data protection regulations, please email us »This privacy policy describes how we handle your personal information. We collect, use, and share personal information to help the Quikr website ("Quikr") work and to keep it safe (details below). In formal terms, Quikr India Private Limited, acting itself and through its subsidiaries, is the "data controller" of your personal information. This policy is effective 16/11/2005Information posted on Quikr is obviously publicly available. Our servers are located in Mumbai, India. Therefore, if you choose to provide us with personal information, you are consenting to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers. We collect and store the following personal information:
• email address, physical contact information, and (depending on the service used) sometimes financial information;
• computer sign-on data, statistics on page views, traffic to and from Quikr and Ad data (all through cookies – you can take steps to disable the cookies on your browser although this is likely to affect your ability to use the site);
• other information, including users IP address and standard web log information.We use users' personal information to:
• provide our services;
• resolve disputes, collect fees, and troubleshoot problems;
• encourage safe trading and enforce our policies;
• customize users' experience, measure interest in our services, and inform users about services and updates;
• communicate marketing and promotional offers to you;
• Do other things for users as described when we collect the information.• All information contained by Quikr is treated as strictly confidential and Quikr does not and will not disclose or share such confidential information to / with any external organization.
• The users' privacy is very important to us. We do not and shall not at any point in time, either sell or rent users' personal information to third parties without users' explicit consent.
• We may be required from time to time to disclose users' personal information to Governmental or law enforcing agencies or our regulators, but we will only do so under proper authority.
• Quikr also reserves the right to make use of the personal information in any investigation or judicial process relating to fraud on account of such transactions during the period Quikr retains such information.
• We may also disclose personal information to enforce our policies, respond to claims that a posting or other content violates other's rights, or protects anyone's rights, property or safety.
• We may also share personal information with:
- Corporate affiliates who help detect or prevent potentially illegal acts and provide joint services (Our corporate affiliates will market
only to users who ask them to).
- Service providers who help with our business operations.
• Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to the website.
• Google's use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and/or other sites on the Internet.
• Users may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting Ads Settings.You may use personal information gathered from Quikr only to follow up with another user about a specific posting, not to send spam/ phising or collect personal information from someone who hasn't agreed to that.You can see, modify or erase your personal information by reviewing your posting or account status page. Contact customer support at  to review any personal information we store that is not available on Quikr. There may be a charge associated with such requests but these will not exceed the amounts permitted by law. We delete personal information when we no longer need it for the purposes we described earlier. We retain personal information as permitted by law to resolve disputes, enforce our policies; and prevent bad guys from coming back.We use a number of mechanisms (encryption, passwords, physical security) to protect the security and integrity of your personal information against unauthorized access and disclosure. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be completely secure. So while we strive to protect such information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk. Once any personal information comes into our possession, we will take reasonable steps to protect that information from misuse and loss and from unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.Users who use any of the features on Quikr agree and accept that they have been fully informed by Quikr that the use of features may lead to publication, to all users of Quikr, of any personal information posted by them while using any specific feature on Quikr. Users further agree that the authenticity of, and consequences from the posting by users of any personal information of themselves or any other person, are the sole responsibility of the user. Users further agree and accept that the terms of the Privacy Policy will be applicable to the use of all features, existing and new. However, the Users agree and accept that confidentiality of information posted on such features has been waived by the Users of such features themselves.We may update, upgrade, modify (partially &/or fully) this policy at any time, with updates taking effect when you next post or after 30 days, whichever is sooner. If we or our corporate affiliates are involved in a merger or acquisition, we may share personal information with another company, but this policy will continue to apply. Send questions about this policy to privacy@quikr.comPrivacy Policy

Important changes for Allrecipes users: we've updated our privacy policy to reflect recent site improvements including email, alerts, other communication methods, and international use. You may read our entire Privacy Policy below and our Terms and Conditions here.
Last updated: October 17, 2012
•About the Privacy Policy
•Types of Information We Collect
•How We Collect and Use Personal Information
•Registration, Purchases; Other Information Submissions
•E-mail and Newsletters
•E-mail-A-Friend or Invite a Friend
•E-mail Change and Unsubscribing
•Public Forums: Message Board, Blogs
•Contests, Promotions, Offers and Surveys
•Customer Service
•Cookies, Web Beacons and Log Files
•Disclosure of Personal Information
•Own Business Purposes
•Protection of Allrecipes.com and Others
•Business Transfers
•Children
•Third Party Advertising
•Third Party Links
•Third Party Sources
•Security
•Correcting/Updating Personal Information
•Your California Privacy Rights
•Contact UsAt Allrecipes.com, Inc. (“Allrecipes.com”), we recognize the importance of your privacy. That said, it's understandable that you may be concerned with the information you provide to us or that is collected by us and how we use and disclose it. With these concerns in mind, we've developed the Allrecipes.com Privacy Policy, outlined below. This Privacy Policy explains Allrecipes' privacy practices for visitors to our Web site at Allrecipes (the “Web site”). By using our Web site, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to the terms of the Allrecipes Terms and Conditions. We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make any material changes to our Privacy Policy, we will post a new policy on the Web site and update the “last updated” date set forth above. Therefore, we encourage you to check our Privacy Policy whenever you visit the Web site to see if it has been updated since your last visit. If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, you can contact us at CustomerRelations@allrecipes.com.

TOP•Personal Information: Personal information is information to specifically identify an individual, such as a customer's name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, credit card or other account number, and information about that individual's activities when directly linked to that person such as information about his or her purchases. Personal information also includes demographic information, such as date of birth, gender, geographic area, and preferences, when such information is linked to other personal information that identifies the individual.
•Aggregate Information: Personal information does not include “aggregate” information. Aggregate information is data we collect about a group or category of products, services or customers, from which individual customer identities have been removed. In other words, information about how you use a service might be collected and combined with information about how others use the same service, but no personal information will be included in the resulting data. Likewise, information about the products you purchase might be collected and combined with information about the products purchased by others. Aggregate data helps us understand trends and customer needs so that we can better consider new products and services, and tailor existing products and services to customer desires. We might share aggregate information about our users with third parties for various purposes, such as helping us better understand and improve our services, and for advertising and marketing purposes.

TOPAllrecipes.com collects personal information from you at several different points on our Web site, as set forth below. In general, we use personal information for the purpose for which it was collected (such as to provide services or complete transactions you have requested, for billing purposes, and to anticipate and resolve problems with our Web site and our products and services), for our own internal business operations, to respond to customer support inquiries and for other purposes as described below.

TOP•When you register to become a member on our Web site, you are asked to create a unique login and password, and are required to give certain personal information (such as your name, email address, and zip code). We might also request certain information about your tastes and preferences (such as your favorite food, purchases or recipes).
•Information you provide during registration might be used for some or all of the following:
•to provide services you have requested, or to otherwise fulfill your request; and
•to contact you from time to time (i) about services on our Web site for which you have expressed interest; (ii) with news, (iii) for internal marketing, informational, and promotional purposes; or (iv) for any other lawful purpose related to your use of the Web site.
•Additionally, your registration information might be used, together with other information you submit to us in conjunction with your use of the Web site, for the following purposes:
•for editorial purposes, such as when you submit a recipe to us (e.g., to attribute your submitted recipe to you);
•to contact you for any reason regarding content you have submitted to the Web site (e.g., to ask you a question about a recipe you have submitted); and
•to identify you by name when posting content you submit to us on the Web site (e.g., when you request a recipe on the Web site, to post your name and a description of the recipe you are requesting).
•If, during or immediately following registration, you choose to view offers for goods and services that are available from selected third party companies (“Co-Registration Vendors”), we will make certain contact and demographic information you provide during registration (e.g., name, age, and/or e-mail address) available to these vendors. If you request goods or services from a Co-Registration Vendor, you might be asked to submit additional demographic and other personal information. The Co-Registration Vendor might use your registration information which we provide to it, along with any information you submit directly to it, to fulfill, or secure fulfillment of, your request. For additional information about disclosure of your personal information to our Co-Registration Vendors, and their use thereafter, please see the “Disclosure of Personal Information” section below.
•We collect personal information such as your credit card, credit card billing address, and related billing information if you purchase products or services on our Web site. We use this information to fulfill your orders and bill you for them.
•Any information that is not personally identifiable information but is publicly displayed on the Web site (such as user name and photos) might appear in the results of searches conducted on Internet search engines while you are a member of the Web site and potentially for some time period after your membership is terminated, depending upon the search engine's indexing practices.

Communication
As an Allrecipes member, you will receive our transactional business communications (e.g. membership communications, administrative messages, etc.) at your email address or street address. In addition you might be automatically enrolled in one or more of our email subscription programs. While we reserve the right to send you our transactional business communications without offering you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving them, we do provide you with the opportunity to select whether or not you wish to continue to receive our subscription-based emails. See the Email and Newsletters section below for information on how to manage your subscriptions.

When you submit your email address to us to initiate a subscription to one of our newsletters we ask for personal information such as your name and email address. This personal information is only used to send you the newsletter(s) you are opted in to receive. You may choose not to receive promotional emails or electronic newsletters from us by: (A) following the "unsubscribe" instructions in the specific email from which you wish to opt-out; (B) visiting the Manage My Email Subscriptions section of the Site and following the appropriate instructions or (C) contacting Customer Service and specifying the particular email(s) from which you wish to be removed.

When you elect to use our referral service for e-mailing a recipe or other content to a friend, we ask you for your friend's name and e-mail address. Allrecipes will automatically send your friend a one-time e-mail on your behalf which contains the recipe or other content, and which invites your friend to visit the Web site. Allrecipes uses your friend's name and e-mail address only to send this one-time e-mail, and does not store this information. If your friend does not wish to receive “e-mail-a-friend” messages to be sent on your behalf, he or she must contact you directly. Allrecipes users may not use our referral service to send unwanted spam to others.

When You Use “Invite-A-Friend” or other referral services
If you elect to use any of our referral services for informing a friend about our Site or any portion thereof, you will be asked to provide your friend's name and e-mail address. We will then automatically send the friend a one-time e-mail (usually including your name and email address) inviting them to visit the Site. We ask for this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time e-mail and tracking the success of our referral program.


Public Forums
We may offer chat rooms, message boards, bulletin boards, blogs or similar public forums where you and other users of our Website can communicate. The protections described in this Privacy Policy do not apply when you provide information (including personal information) in connection with your use of these public forums. We may use personally identifiable and non-personal information about you to identify you with a posting in a public forum. Any information you share in a public forum is public information and may be seen or collected by anyone, including third parties that do not adhere to our Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for events arising from the distribution of any information you choose to publicly post or share through our Website.

From time to time our Web site requests personal information from users via contests, promotions, offers and surveys. Participation in these contests, promotions, offers, and surveys is completely voluntary and you therefore may choose whether to disclose personal information in connection with these activities. Personal Information requested in these activities might include contact information (e.g., your name and shipping address) and demographic information (e.g., your zip code or age level). We use this information to notify you if you've won and to award prizes. We use information we collect in surveys for internal purposes, such as to ascertain the use of this Web site and improve its usefulness to you. We might also provide third parties with this information, and might combine it with some or all of your registration information. Third parties might use the information we provide them to contact you regarding products or services of interest to you. These disclosures are discussed in greater detail below in the “Disclosure of Personal Information” section. When we provide information collected during a contest, promotion, offer, or survey on the Web site to third parties, we always disclose this to you at the time of collection.

We collect personal information when you submit comments, questions or suggestions to our customer service department. We use the information you provide to respond to your submission and use the ideas to make site improvements.

Cookies: We use “cookie” technology on our Web site. We might place one or more cookies in the browser file of your computer. Although such cookies do not contain any personally identifying information about you, we might link this information to personal information about you. If we do, we will treat it as personal information under this Privacy Policy. We use cookies to provide functional information about your browser, which is recorded in the Web site's logs and which allows us to provide a better experience on our Website. We also use cookies to gather broad demographic information and general usage patterns about you and other users of our Web site. In the course of placing advertisements on this Web site, our third-party advertisers may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. We use cookies to enhance and personalize your experience on the Web site, including helping authenticate you when you use the Web site, remembering your preferences and registration information and customizing the content, and advertisements provided to you on the site. For example, storing a cookie on your computer allows you to log in without typing the registered e-mail address or registration number and password. We also use cookies to deliver information and fresh content specific to your interests. If you do not want these cookies stored on your computer you can reject cookies by modifying your browser settings accordingly (each browser is different, so check the “Help” menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences). However, if you choose to reject cookies, you might not be able to access products and services we offer which require you to “login” or “sign in”. Please also note certain types of e-mails available through the Web site might automatically log you in to the Web site and/or set new cookies when you click on the links in the e-mails and you might need to manually remove such cookies if you do not want them to be set on your computer. See section titled “Third-Party Web site Advertising - General” below for additional information about cookies.
•Web Beacons: We use, and permit third parties to use, “Web beacons” (also known as Internet tags, pixel tags, single-pixel GIFs, clear GIFs, invisible GIFs, 1-by-1 GIFs, and Web bugs) on our Web site and in our e-mail newsletters, to monitor the effectiveness of advertising and for other lawful purposes. These Web beacons do not collect personally identifying information about you on our Web site.
•Log Files: We track log files on our Web site (i.e., we log your computer's IP address into our log files when you visit a page on our Web site) and use them to analyze trends, administer the Web site, track your movements on the Web site, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. We might link some or all of this information to personally identifiable information that is stored on a cookie in your computer. We only use information gathered from these activities for our internal marketing and operational purposes.

Third Party Service with Cookies: We may use one or more third party services to compile nonpersonal information regarding our user's browsing habits, such as page views, visits, unique visitors, etc. Click here to learn more information about how we use a third party service with cookies (flash and non-flash) and web beacons to collect and use information on this Web site.

Allrecipes will not sell, rent, or share personal information with third parties without your prior consent except in the limited circumstances described in this Privacy Policy.
•Consent: With your consent, we might disclose your personal information to third parties in order to provide you with products and services that you have requested.
•During or immediately following registration, you have the option to view and select offers from various third party companies that may be of interest to you, such as retailers and consumer products manufacturers. These offers are made available to you by our Co-Registration Vendors. If you choose to view these offers we will make information you provide during registration available to these vendors. The vendors will forward this information, along with any other information you provide in conjunction with your request, to companies you have selected in order to fulfill, or facilitate fulfillment of, your request(s). Our Co-Registration Vendors are contractually obligated to keep all such information confidential and to only use it for the purposes for which it was provided. If you do not select any of the available offers, the vendors will delete your information which they have been provided. Please note, however, that any information that is passed on by these vendors to third party companies that you select is subject to those third parties' privacy practices.
•With your consent, we might disclose information you provide to us during registration to third parties in conjunction with (i) your entry into a contest or promotion, (ii) your request of an offer, or (iii) your participation in a survey or similar activity on the Web site. You might be asked for additional information in order to enter the contest or promotion, request an offer, or participate in a survey. The third parties will use the information we provide to them, along with any information you provide during your entry, request, or participation, in order to (i) notify you if you have won a prize in a contest or sweepstakes, and (ii) to fulfill, or facilitate fulfillment of, requests for products or services you may make in connection with your entry, request, or participation. These third parties are contractually obligated to keep all such information confidential and to only use it for the purposes for which it was provided. When we provide information collected during a contest, promotion, offer, or survey on the Web site to third parties, we always disclose this to you at the time of collection.
•Allrecipes' Own Business Purposes: We use and disclose information about you for our own internal statistical, design, or operational purposes, such as to estimate our audience size, measure aggregate traffic patterns, and understand demographic, user interest, purchasing and other trends among our users. We might outsource these tasks and disclose personal information about you to third parties, provided the use and disclosure of your personal information by these third parties is restricted to performance of such tasks. We might also share personal information with third-party vendors who assist us in performing internal functions necessary to operate our business. We require our third party vendors to keep such information confidential and to only use the information for the purpose it was provided.
•Protection of Allrecipes and Others: We disclose personal information when we believe it is appropriate to comply with the law (e.g., a lawful subpoena, warrant or court order); to enforce or apply this privacy policy or our other policies or agreements; to initiate, render, bill, and collect for amounts owed to us; to protect our or our users' rights, property or safety; or to protect our users from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful use of our Web site; or if we reasonably believe that an emergency involving immediate danger of death or serious physical injury to any person requires disclosure of communications or justifies disclosure of personal information without delay.
•Business Transfers: Information about our users, including personal information, might be disclosed as part of any merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of company assets, as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership in which personally identifiable information could be transferred to third parties as one of the business assets of the company.

We do not intend, and the Website is not designed, to collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If you are under 13 years old, you should not register for our services or otherwise provide information on our Website and should ask your parent to do so for you.

We use one or more third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. We do not share personal information about you with any third party advertiser unless you give us permission to do so, separate from any permission you provide during the registration process. These advertisers might seek to use cookies and Web beacons to track session data about the ads you have seen and types of things in which you appear interested. These advertisers might also use combined information about your visits to our Web site and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about related goods and services of interest to you. 3rd party advertising networks may place a cookie on your computer to tailor ad content both on Allrecipes.com and on sites within the third party network that you visit in the future. If you would like more information about this practice and how to opt-out of having this information used by Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) companies, please click here. Visit the Digital Advertising Alliance Self-Regulatory Program For Online Behavioral Advertising where you can find out more about online behavioral advertising or can opt-out from receiving online behavioral ads.
•Third Party Advertising - DoubleClick
Many of the ads appearing on this Web site are delivered to you by DoubleClick, our Web advertising partner. Information about your visits to this site, such as number of times you have viewed an ad (but not your name, address, or other personal information), is used to serve ads to you. For more information about DoubleClick, cookies, and how to “opt-out”, please click here.
•Third Party Cookies - DoubleClick
In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser might place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser.
•Third Party Search Engines - Allrecipes provides access to publicly viewed site information by third-party search engine “crawlers” (such as Google). Allrecipes blocks access by these engines to personal information beyond the publicly viewed information you agreed to upon registering for the site, and as indicated in this privacy policy and terms and conditions.

From time to time we might have links to other Web sites from our Web site. We do not control, and therefore cannot be responsible for, the collection, use, or disclosure of your information by any such third party Web site. Please carefully review the privacy policy of any third-party Web site that you link to from our Web site. The privacy policies of such Web sites might differ from that of our Web site; therefore, we encourage you to review and understand the privacy policies of such Web sites before providing them with any information.

Allrecipes might also obtain information about you from third parties, such as demographic marketing information, address verification, or third party mailing lists, and add such information to, or combine it with, your personal information. Should we ever obtain this information and link it to you, we will treat it all as personal information under this Privacy Policy.

We use reasonable security measures to store and maintain personally identifying information so as to protect it from loss, misuse, alteration or destruction by unauthorized parties while it is under our control. We use secure socket layer (“SSL”) encryption when transmitting certain kinds of information, such as payment information, over the Internet.

International Users
We collect, process, and maintain your information in the United States, where privacy laws might not be as protective as in your home country. If you are using the Web site from outside of the United States, by providing your information to us you are consenting to the transfer of your information to the United States for processing and maintaining in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.

We give you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving commercial e-mail from us by following the opt-out instructions provided in the message. Even if you opt-out in this manner, however, you will still receive account-related messages from us. To get placed on our “DO NOT E-MAIL” list, send a request to CustomerRelations@allrecipes.com. If your e-mail address is added to the “DO NOT E-MAIL” list, you will not receive any newsletters or other opt-in e-mail messages. Please note, however, that your e-mail address being placed on the “DO NOT E-MAIL” list does not prevent you from receiving “send-to-a-friend” e-mail messages, or email messages from third parties from which you requested information, products, or services from during or immediately after registration. To opt-out from messages from these third parties, or from any other communications that you receive directly from third parties, you must contact them directly in order to opt-out.

California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. We do not provide your personal information to any third party for their direct marketing purposes without your consent. If, having provided your consent, you would like to revoke your consent to future disclosure of your personal information to third parties, send a request to CustomerRelations@allrecipes.com with “California Opt-Out” in the subject line. Please note that this opt-out will not prevent the use of information that has already been disclosed to third parties with your consent and you should contact them directly to opt-out from such communications. If you would like more information with respect to your privacy rights under California law, you may contact us at CustomerRelations@allrecipes.com. Please indicate such a request by placing “California Disclosure Information” in the subject line.

If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, the privacy practices of this Web site, or your dealings with Allrecipes.com, please contact us at CustomerRelations@allrecipes.com or use the following address phone or fax number:
Allrecipes.com
413 Pine Street
Suite 500
Seattle, WA
98101
Phone: 206.292.3990
Fax: 206.292.1793At conversion-metric.org, we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important.
Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use visit conversion-metric.org, and how we safeguard your information. We never sell your personal information to third parties.

Log Files
As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files.
The information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL or Shaw Cable), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site.We do use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site. This could include only showing you a popup once in your visit, or the ability to login to some of our features, such as forums.

We also use third party advertisements on conversion-metric.org to support our site.
Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed. This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites).

You can chose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security. However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites. This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.- Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on conversion-metric.org.
- Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet.
- Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policySubscribe / Gift a Gift / Customer Service / Promotions / Blogs / Video / Digital Edition /
JOIN FREE/
Sign In



PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy describes how Hearst Communications, Inc. and its Affiliates (collectively, "Hearst") treat the Personally Identifiable Information that is collected about you when you visit the web sites, mobile-optimized versions of the web sites, and digital applications to which this policy is linked (collectively, "Covered Sites"). For the purposes of this policy, an entity controlling, controlled by, or under common control with another entity shall be deemed to be an "Affiliate", where control means ownership of 15% or more of the voting stock or other ownership interests. For the purposes of this policy, "Personally Identifiable Information" is information that we can use to identify or contact you as an individual, and includes your name, email address, address, telephone number and any other information that we associate with any of the foregoing. By submitting Personally Identifiable Information through any of our Covered Sites, you agree to the terms of this privacy policy and you expressly consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with this privacy policy.
This privacy policy does not apply to information collected about you by anyone except Hearst and only applies to the Covered Sites (defined above). This privacy policy does not apply to Hearst websites which are not linked to this policy and does not apply to non-Hearst websites, including those linked to or advertised on a Covered Site. Any information you provide when you visit websites other than those covered by this policy will be subject to the privacy policies posted on those sites.
We may offer our Magazines through certain third party websites via a subscription page on such third party websites that is linked to this policy. For the avoidance of doubt, such subscription page is a "Covered Site" and this policy applies to information collected through the subscription page, but does not apply to information collected through the third party website.
Except as specified herein, this policy also does not apply to information you may provide to us offline; however please do be aware that if you subscribe offline to one of the magazines published by Hearst ("Magazines"), from time to time we make your postal addresses available to companies for marketing purposes.
Certain features of the Covered Sites may be subject to additional or different privacy provisions, which will be posted on the Covered Site in connection with such features. All such additional or different privacy provisions are incorporated by reference into this privacy policy.Information You Provide. Hearst generally collects Personally Identifiable Information that you voluntarily provide. For instance, when you enter a sweepstakes or contest, complete a survey, participate in a reader panel, register for those portions of our Covered Sites that may require registration, make a purchase, participate in our social networking features, request back issues of our Magazines, subscribe to our Magazines, subscribe to receive newsletters, promotional correspondence, or other electronic services, or send us an email or feedback, you may be asked to provide information such as your e-mail address, name, phone number, shipping address, and billing information, and we will collect such information as well as any other content you provide us in engaging in any of the above activities. Information such as your age, gender, hobbies or interests may also be requested. If you elect to post material to any blogs, forums, participate in our social networking features or other community boards that may be offered on our Covered Sites, then such materials will be collected and may be publicly available for others to view.

Cookies.
Hearst (or third party service providers on our behalf) may set and access cookies and similar technologies on your computer. A cookie is a small amount of data (often including a unique identifier), that is sent to your browser from a web site's computers and stored on your computer's hard drive. Some of our cookies may be local shared objects, also known as Flash cookies. Cookies may be session cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them). Hearst uses cookies to understand site usage and to improve the content and offerings on our Covered Sites and in other media. We may use cookies to control the display of ads, to track usage patterns on the sites, to deliver editorial content, to record requests for subscriptions and to personalize information. Our cookies may contain Personally Identifiable Information and such cookies may be shared with others to the same extent indicated in Section 4. Hearst (or third party service providers on our behalf) may also use cookies to collect aggregate information about web site users on an anonymous basis ("Anonymous Information"). We may share aggregate demographic and usage information with our prospective and actual business partners, advertisers and other third parties for any business purpose.
Some of our third party partners (including advertisers and marketing services companies) may set and access cookies and similar technologies on your computer as well, or we may do so on their behalf. We do not have control over how these third parties use such cookies and similar technologies or the information derived therefrom.
If you don't want cookies, most Web browsers include an option that allows you to not accept them. However, if you set your browser to refuse cookies, some portions of our Covered Sites may not function efficiently. Flash cookies may regenerate HTTP cookies that you have affirmatively deleted. Deleting, rejecting, disabling or turning off HTTP cookies as described above will not remove flash cookies. We use flash cookies as an alternative method to HTTP cookies for storing information about your web browsing history across unaffiliated domains, unrelated to the delivery of content through the Flash Player or the performance of the Flash Player in delivering such content. You can manage and delete flash cookies by visiting http://kb2.adobe.com/cps/526/52697ee8.html.
Gifs.  We may use "clear GIFs" (aka "web beacons" or "pixel tags") or similar technologies, in the sites and in our communications with you to enable us to know whether you have visited a web page or received a message. A clear GIF is typically a one-pixel, transparent image (although it can be a visible image as well), located on a web page or in an e-mail or other type of message, which is retrieved from a remote site on the Internet enabling the verification of an individual's viewing or receipt of a web page or message. A clear gif may enable us to relate your viewing or receipt of a web page or message to other information about you, including your Personally Identifiable Information.
IP Address. Your Internet Protocol ("IP") address is usually associated with the place from which you enter the Internet, like your Internet Service Provider, your company or your university. Our server may also record the referring page that linked you to us (e.g., another Web site or a search engine); the pages you visit on our Covered Sites, the web sites you visit after this web site; the ads you see; the ads you click on; other information about the type of web browser, computer, platform, related software and settings you are using; any search terms you have entered on this web site or a referral site; and other web usage activity and data logged by our web servers. We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our servers, gather broad demographic information, and administer our Covered Sites. We may also link this information with your Personally Identifiable Information when we feel that it is necessary to enforce compliance with our rules and policies or terms of service or to protect our Covered Sites, customers or others.

Location Information.  We may, and may enable our advertisers to, collect your location via certain services we provide through digital applications, wireless access protocol services ("WAP Services") or mobile phone service ("Mobile Services"). We, or the service provider, will inform you of such collection at the time you use the service. By using such service, you hereby consent to our collection, use and disclosure of your location information as described.

Third Parties.  We may receive information from third parties, including demographic information from your mobile carrier, and information from third parties that solicit subscriptions to our magazines. Those third parties have privacy policies that differ from this Privacy Policy.

Tracking Requests. Hearst does not act on Do Not Track requests from your browser. For more information click here.
Effect of Tracking Requests. Hearst does not act on Do Not Track requests from your browser because, this way, we are able to personalize your experience on our sites and tailor content to your interests.Hearst uses information we collect from you in part to provide you with the service you have requested. If you subscribe to any of our Magazines, we may also use your e-mail address to send you a confirmation notice and your mailing address to send you your Magazine. Similarly, if you enter online sweepstakes, we will also use this information to notify you if you are a winner. We also use your information to register you, identify you as a user, improve our Covered Sites and services, send you administrative notifications, and respond to your inquiries. We might also send out e-mails to users and sweepstakes/contest entrants to announce special offers, services and announcements from our Covered Sites, our partners and/or our advertisers. We also use information in connection with advertising and to serve other content, as described in section 4(d) below.
We may combine and use any and all information we collect on you either online or otherwise, including from third parties, for marketing purposes.
When you provide us your email address (e.g., to subscribe to our Magazines) but are not already a registered user of one of our Covered Sites, some of our Covered Sites may assign you a user name and password so that we can enhance your user experience by facilitating easy entry into other features and offers on the Covered Sites and saving your preferences. Certain areas on our Covered Sites require registration, and in those areas, you will be asked to establish your own user name and password or you can elect to use the one we've assigned. Your user name and password ("User Registration") will function across many of our Covered Sites, regardless of brand. Your User Registration will also be recognized at some of our Affiliate sites and sites which we partner with so that you may easily access features on those sites using your User Registration ("Shared Registration Sites"); however the information we provide and your actions on those Shared Registration Sites will be governed by the separate privacy policies of those Shared Registration Sites. A list of those Shared Registration Sites is set forth below, and may be updated from time to time. Current Shared Registration Sites are: The National Magazine Company Limited. You may elect to change your User Registration at any time by logging in and editing your User Registration (each of our Covered Sites will contain log-in information). You may also log-in to cancel any user User Registration that you may have selected or that we may have assigned. If you cancel your User Registration, we will retain your email address, user name and assigned user ID on file and use them only for the purpose of assuring you are not automatically registered again, against your wishes. You may request deletion of your Personally Identifiable Information by us, but please note that we may be required to keep this information and not delete it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements). When we delete any information, it will be deleted from the active database, but may remain in our archives. We may retain your information for fraud or similar purposes.
In addition, we may use information you provide us through emails, Q&A, blogs, forums, in response to polls, or through any other user generated submission for editorial purposes, and may use your name and any stories you provide us in articles published online and in our Magazines. If you provide us with personal anecdotes, they may be attributed to you. Hearst can edit, rewrite, use, and reuse the content, including your name, likeness, photograph, and biographical information you provide, with or without attribution, including publication in the Magazines, and in trade media, and advertising.
We may create Anonymous Information from Personally Identifiable Information by excluding information (such as your name) that make the data personally identifiable to you. We use this Anonymous Information for any purpose and disclose Anonymous Information to third parties in our sole discretion.In addition to the other disclosures described in this policy, Hearst may (and you authorize us to) share or disclose Personally Identifiable Information about you to other companies or individuals in the following situations:
We utilize third party service providers to provide products, services or functions on our behalf (such as sending emails or processing credit cards or fulfilling subscriptions), and ask these service providers to agree to maintain the confidentiality of your Personally Identifiable Information and not to use your Personally Identifiable Information for any reason except to carry out the purpose(s) for which we hired them ("Service Provider Exception").
You have entered a contest or sweepstakes sponsored by a third party, in which case the information you provide via the contest or sweepstakes may be shared by us with that third party for their use in their discretion, including direct marketing. Some of our contests and sweepstakes will ask you at the time of entry whether you would like to have your personal information shared with the sponsor, in which case we will honor your selection. Other contests will not give you that option and in that event, if you do not want your information to be shared, you should not enter the contest. The privacy policies of such third party companies apply to their use and disclosure of your information that we collect and disclose to such third party companies.
The entity to whom the information is disclosed is a Shared Registration Site (as defined in Section 3(c) above).
The entity to whom the information is disclosed is an Affiliate of Hearst.
In accordance with your indicated preferences (e.g., you indicated you wanted to receive promotional materials directly from a third party partner).
The entity is a third party who wants to promote goods and services we think would be of interest to you.
You have furnished us Personally Identifiable Information with the intent that it be forwarded to a third party for use in connection with a specified service you are electing to participate in (examples include, without limitation, e-commerce partners, services to help old friends locate you online, etc.);
We need to protect our legal rights (for example, if we are trying to collect money you owe us); we must comply with applicable laws, regulations, or legal or regulatory process, or comply with subpoenas or warrants served on us, or in connection with a legal investigation; or we have reason to believe that someone may be causing injury to someone or interfering with our rights or the rights of our users, or general public, or using our services in violation of a legal or personal right, including our Terms of Use (collectively, the "Legal Exceptions").
In connection with a sale, merger, transfer, exchange, or other disposition (whether of assets, stock, or otherwise, including via bankruptcy) of all or a portion of the business conducted by the Covered Site to which this policy applies, in which case the company will possess the Personally Identifiable Information collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personally Identifiable Information as described in this privacy policy ("Acquisition Exception").
Social Networks.  If you use your login credentials from a social networking site (e.g., Facebook or Twitter) ("SNS") on a Covered Site, we may receive information from such SNS in accordance with the terms and conditions (e.g., terms of use and privacy policy) of the SNS ("SNS Terms"). If you elect to share your information with these SNS, we will share information with them in accordance with your election. The SNS Terms of these SNS will apply to the information we disclose to them.
Third Party Partners. Some of our Covered Sites may from time to time partner with a retailer or other third party to offer online shopping opportunities, games, services, subscriptions and other applications on a co-branded or cross-promotional basis. Those transactions may take place on a Covered Site, or the site of the third party. In either case, Personally Identifiable Information you provide in connection with the transaction may be collected directly by, or shared by Hearst with, the third party, as well as with any participating sponsors or advertisers of such opportunities and features. Some of our Covered Sites may offer you the ability to access a third-party site with whom we have a relationship to access both sites through a co-branded registration or password; in that event, your applicable registration information may be collected directly by, or shared by Hearst with, the third-party partner. We will notify you at the applicable point of sign up if any such co-branded registration or password practices will be in effect. These third parties will use your information in accordance with their own privacy policy.
Delivery of Advertising and Other Content
In addition to ads and content that we serve you directly, we use third-party advertising companies and marketing services companies to serve ads and other content when you visit our Covered Sites and elsewhere on the internet and in other media. Both we and these companies may use information about your visits to this Covered Site and elsewhere to serve ads and other content to you. In the course of doing so, a unique third-party cookie may be placed or recognized on your browser by such companies. In addition, we and these companies may use Web beacons to help manage our online advertising and content. These Web beacons enable us and the third-party companies to recognize a browser's cookie when a browser visits this site and to learn which banner ads bring users to our website and to serve you ads that you may find of interest elsewhere on the internet and in other media. Both Hearst and these companies may use information obtained from your visits to the Covered Sites (including your status as a customer of Hearst), other websites, and information received from you offline in order to provide advertisements about goods and services and other content of interest to you across the internet and in other media. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used in this manner by our third party advertising companies please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp . You may also visit alc-opt-out.com to find out how our marketing services companies operate. Ads in our videos may be served by an ad partner. You can find out more about our video ads by visiting http://www.tremorvideo.com/about-us/privacy/.
In addition, we may provide Personally Identifiable Information and Anonymous Information to marketing services companies. This may include information we received from you offline or online. These companies may combine information we provide (including Personally Identifiable Information and Anonymous Information) with personal and anonymous information they may have about you, using cookies they place or that we place on their behalf, as described in Section 2(b). We require these companies to delete the Personally Identifiable Information we provide them. These companies may use the resulting non-personal information and such cookies for their own marketing purposes, and they may provide the same to their customers for their customer's marketing purposes. If you would like to know your choices about not having this information used by such companies, please visit: alc-opt-out.com.California & Canadian Users: Your California Privacy Rights.California's "Shine the Light" law, Civil Code section 1798.83, requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the businesses' practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes.  Alternatively, such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes if the customer has exercised an option to opt-out of such information sharing.  We have such a policy in place. Sections 4(d) and 5(d) explain our practices and how you can opt-out of having your information shared with third parties for the third parties' direct or indirect marketing purposes, in accordance with such laws. In addition to reviewing Sections 4(d) and 5(d), if you wish to find out about any rights you may have under California Civil Code section 1798.83, you may notify us in writing at Mail Preference Service, P.O. Box 6000, Harlan, Iowa 51593 or contacting us at customercare@hearstmags.com. Canadian residents also have certain rights to know how their information may be shared with third parties who engage in direct marketing activities. Again, Sections 4(d) and 5(d) explain our practices and how you can opt-out of having your information shared for such purposes, in accordance with such laws.  For the avoidance of doubt, these opt-out options are available for all users and are not limited to Californian and Canadian users.
Mobile Opt-out.  We may provide you messages, including marketing, via your wireless email address or by short message service ("SMS Service"), WAP or Mobile Services as described in Section 6. You may opt-out of these messages from us by replying "STOP" or following the instructions provided in the message.
Marketing provided by Hearst. From time to time we may send you promotional materials on behalf of Hearst and/or third parties. If you want us to stop sending you promotional materials to your email, you may follow the unsubscribe instructions in the email or manage your preferences at http://hearst.ed4.net/profile/login.cfm . If you want us to stop sending you promotional materials to your postal mailing address, you may notify us in writing by sending a notice to Mail Preference Service, P.O. Box 6000, Harlan, Iowa 51593 or contacting us at customercare@hearstmags.com . Certain Covered Sites may include a customer service link at the bottom of such site. If so, you may also manage your email preferences through that link.
Marketing provided by Third Parties.  From time to time we may disclose your contact information to third parties to allow them to market their products or services to you or for other marketing purposes. This may be information we received from you offline and online. If you want us to stop further sharing your email contact information with third parties (if we have your email contact information), you may notify us at http://hearst.ed4.net/profile/login.cfm. If you want us to stop further sharing your postal mailing contact information with third parties (if we have your postal address), you may notify us in writing by sending a notice to Mail Preference Service, P.O. Box 6000, Harlan, Iowa 51593 or contacting us at customercare@hearstmags.com. If you wish to opt out of having your information shared with marketing services companies, please see section 4(d) abovePlease follow the instructions provided to you by third parties to unsubscribe from their messages.
Exceptions.  If you have opted-out as described above, and thereafter you elect to use a service or promotion that requires us to contact you or share your information with a third party (e.g., you enter into a contest or sweepstakes or use an ecommerce service after opting-out), then your previous opt-out preferences will not apply to such service. Despite your indicated preferences, we may send you service related communications, including notices about your subscription, and we may continue disclosing your information to third parties under the Service Provider Exception, Legal Exceptions, and Acquisition Exception described above.
Device Settings. Our digital applications may provide you alerts and you can change your preferences regarding these alerts through your device settings.If the email address you provide to us is a wireless email address, you agree to receive messages at such address from Hearst or from third parties. Similarly, we may make available services through which you can receive messages on your phone or wireless device SMS Service or WAP Services. We may also make available content and versions of our Covered Sites available via WAP and Mobile Services. If you subscribe to one of our SMS, WAP or Mobile Services, you thereby agree to receive services and messages at the address you provide for such purposes. Such messages may come from Hearst, or from third parties. To use the wireless email address, SMS, WAP, or Mobile Service, you must reside in the United States. We may also obtain the date, time and content of your messages. We will use the information we obtain in connection with these services in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Your wireless carrier and other service providers may also collect data about your wireless device usage, and their practices are governed by their own policies. By providing us your wireless email address or by signing up for any SMS, WAP, or Mobile Service, you consent to receiving messages as described above. You understand that your wireless carrier's standard rates apply to these messages. You represent that you are the owner or authorized user of the wireless device on which messages will be received, and that you are authorized to approve the applicable charges.We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personally Identifiable Information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We also require you to enter a password to access your registration information. Please do not disclose your registration password to unauthorized people. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while Hearst uses reasonable efforts to protect your Personally Identifiable Information, Hearst cannot guarantee its absolute security.The Covered Sites are not intended for use by children, especially those under age 13. If your children disclose information about themselves in our public discussion areas, they may get unsolicited messages from other parties. Accordingly, you should tell them not to do so. There are also commercially available tools to help you limits your children's exposure to material online.If you are located outside of the United States, please note that the information you provide to us will be transferred to and processed in the United States, where laws regarding processing of Personally Identifiable Information may be less stringent than the laws in your country. By using this Covered Site, you consent to this transfer and processing. You also consent to the adjudication of any disputes arising in connection with this Covered Site in the federal and state courts of, and in accordance with the laws of, the state of New York.This privacy policy is subject to occasional revision, and if we make any material changes in the way we use your Personally Identifiable Information, we will prominently post notice of the changes on our Covered Sites. Any changes to this privacy policy will be effective upon thirty (30) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our Covered Sites. These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our Covered Sites. Continued use of our Covered Sites, following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.


This Privacy Policy applies only to the information we collect through the websites, mobile applications, electronic devices, kiosks, and all other interactive services whereby data is transmitted (hereinafter “the Services”) operated by Tribune Company and its subsidiaries (collectively “we” or “us”) regardless of how you access the Services, unless such website, mobile application, electronic device, kiosk, or other interactive service has a separate Privacy Policy specific to such website, application, device, kiosk, or interactive service. The Policy describes:

The information we collect and how we collect it;
What we do with the information we collect;
Information sharing and disclosure;
How you can access and update your information;
How we protect information;
Linked sites and advertisements;
Users from outside the United States;
Children;
How to contact us;
Your California privacy rights;
No rights of third parties; and
Changes to this policy.How we collect and store information depends on the websites you visit, the activities in which you participate and the Services you use. You can use some of the Services without providing any information other than that automatically collected as described below.

We may collect information about you during your use of the Services, including your name, username, password, email address, postal address, phone number, mobile phone number, payment information, gender, birth year, and information you provide or post on our Services or allow us to access when you do certain things, such as:
Enter registration information for one or more of our Services;
Enter a sweepstakes or contest or register for a promotion;
Participate in voting or polling activities;
Make a purchase;
Request certain features (e.g., newsletters, updates, and other products);
Sign up to receive SMS (text message) notifications;
Download or use one of our mobile applications;
Connect with the Services or otherwise allow us to access certain information about you via a social networking site (“SNS”); or
Post user-generated content to or on any of our Services.

We may collect and store your user ID associated with a SNS account that you use to sign in to your Tribune account or connect or use with the Services. When you sign in to your Tribune account or mobile application with your SNS account information or otherwise connect to your SNS account with the Services, you authorize Tribune to collect, store, and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information available to Tribune through the SNS interface, including without limitation any information that you have made public in connection with your SNS account, information that the SNS shares with us, or information that is disclosed as being shared during the sign-in process.

We may also combine information that we collect from you with information we obtain about you from third parties and Affiliates and information derived from any other subscription, product, or service we provide.

Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online. Should you choose to voluntarily disclose information through the Services, such as via SNSs, on message boards, chat areas or in advertising or notices you post, that information can be viewed publicly and can be collected and used by third parties without our knowledge and may result in unsolicited messages from other individuals or third parties.When you use the Services, we use persistent and session cookies and other tracking technologies to: (a) store your username and password; (b) analyze the usage of our sites and Services; (c) customize the Services to your preferences; and (d) control the advertising displayed by the Services. We may also use other Internet technologies, such as Flash technologies, Web beacons or pixel tags, and other similar technologies, to deliver or communicate with cookies and track your use of the Services (including to serve you ads when you are on other websites or the Internet when we can access those cookies). We also may include Web beacons in e-mail messages or newsletters to determine whether the message has been opened. As we adopt additional technology, we may also gather additional information through other methods.

We use these automated technologies to collect and analyze certain types of information we consider to be non-personal information, including: (a) information related to the devices you use to access or interact with our services, such as: IP addresses, geolocation information (as described further below), unique device identifiers and other information about your mobile phone or other mobile device(s), browser types, browser language; and (b) information related to the ways in which you interact with the Services, such as: referring and exit pages and URLs, platform type, the number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, the date and time you used the Services, and other similar information. We may also capture other data, such as search criteria and results. In some cases, we will associate this information with a unique Tribune identifier (that cannot be used by itself to identify you) for our internal use, in which case your Tribune identifier will be considered Tribune information and nothing in this Privacy Policy restricts how Tribune may use this information.

Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies by visiting the Help portion of your browser's toolbar. If you choose to decline cookies, please note that you may not be able to sign in, customize, or use some of the interactive features of the Services. Flash cookies operate differently than browser cookies, and cookie management tools available in a web browser will not remove flash cookies. To learn more about how to manage flash cookies, you can visit the Adobe website and make changes at the Global Privacy Settings Panel.Third parties whose products or services are accessible or advertised via the Services may also place cookies or other tracking technologies on your computer, mobile phone, or other device to collect non-personal information about your use of the Services. We also allow other third parties (e.g., ad networks and ad servers) to serve tailored ads to you on the Services, and to access their own cookies or other tracking technologies on your computer, mobile phone, or other device you use to access the Services. We neither have access to, nor does this Policy govern, the use of cookies or other tracking technologies that may be placed on your computer, mobile phone, or other device you use to access the Services by non-affiliated, third-party ad technology, ad servers, ad networks or any other non-affiliated third parties. Those parties that use these technologies may offer you a way to opt out of ad targeting as described below. You may receive tailored advertising on your computer through a web browser. If you are interested in more information about tailored browser advertising and how you control cookies from being put on your computer to deliver tailored advertising, you may visit the Network Advertising Initiative's website and/or the Digital Advertising Alliance's website. You also can control advertising cookies from Google, by using its Ads Preference Manager . Please note that to the extent advertising technology is integrated into the Services, you may still receive advertisements even if you opt-out of tailored advertising.

When using a mobile application you may receive tailored in-application advertisements. Each operating system, iOS for Apple phones, Android for Android devices and Windows for Microsoft devices provides its own instructions on how to prevent the delivery of tailored in-application advertisements. You may review the support materials and/or the privacy settings for the respective operating systems in order to opt-out of tailored in-application advertisements. For any other devices and/or operating systems, please visit the privacy settings for the applicable device or contact the applicable platform operator.We may collect different types of information about your location, including general information (e.g., IP address, zip code) and more specific information (e.g., GPS-based functionality on mobile devices used to access the Services), and may use that information to customize the Services with location-based information, advertising, and features. For example, if you provide a zip code that indicates that you live in Chicago, the Services may be customized with Chicago-specific information and advertisements. In order to do this, your location information may be passed along to our Affiliates, agents, vendors or advertisers. If you access the Services through a mobile device and you do not want your device to provide us with location-tracking information, you can disable the GPS or other location-tracking functions on your device, provided your device allows you to do this. See your device manufacturer's instructions for further details.We use the information that we collect for the following purposes:
For the purposes for which you provided it;
To send you information about your relationship or transactions with us;
To send you alerts or other communications via SMS messages or other media or networks;
To notify you about new features of the Services, special events, or products, services, and special offers;
To administer sweepstakes and contests;
To process and respond to your inquiries;
To contact you with information that we believe will be of interest to you;
To attribute content that you make available through the Services;
To generate and review reports and data about our user base and Service usage patterns;
To analyze the accuracy, effectiveness, usability, or popularity of the Services;
To improve the content and features of the Services or develop new Services;
To allow us to personalize the content and advertising that you see on the Services;
To enforce the legal terms that govern your use of the Services; and
To administer and troubleshoot the Services.

The Services are supported by advertising revenue. We will send you commercial email on behalf of ourselves, our Affiliates, and advertisers. Each such email we send you will have an opt-out that you can use to stop receiving such communications.

We may aggregate and/or anonymize information collected by the Services or via other means so that the information does not identify you. Our use and disclosure of aggregated, anonymized, and other non-personal information is not subject to any restrictions under this Privacy Policy, and we may disclose it to others without limitation for any purpose.We will make your information available to other companies, websites, applications or people in the circumstances described below:
We may rent, sell, or share your information with non-affiliated third parties: (a) in order to provide services or products that you have requested; (b) when we have your permission; or (c) as described in this Privacy Policy.
We may share your information with any Affiliate or agent of Tribune Company in order to provide the Services or advertising or to communicate with you on our behalf.
When you sign up to participate in a contest or sweepstakes, your information may also be provided to our sweepstakes or contest advertisers, operators, or sponsors and the use of that information will be also governed by those advertisers', operators', or sponsors' privacy policies or practices.
We may disclose your information in response to any subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process we receive, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or to defend against legal claims.
We may share your information with third-party advertisers and advertising networks or others with which we have a contractual relationship.
We may disclose your information when we believe it appropriate in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding possible illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of the Terms of Service for the Services you accessed, and/or to protect our rights and property.

As we continue to develop our business, we may sell, buy, merge or partner with other companies or businesses. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets.To ensure that you have some control over the information we have about you, you may review and update certain user profile information by logging in to the relevant portions of the Services where such information may be updated (may be available on some Services and not others) or by contacting us at privacy@tribune.com.We have implemented reasonable administrative, technical, and physical security measures to protect against the unauthorized access, destruction or alteration of your information. Despite our best efforts, however, no security measures are completely impenetrable.The Services may contain links to third-party websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those third-party websites.

We have relationships with third-party providers to provide content, products, services, and functionality through the Services. When you visit sites or use any Services provided in conjunction with one or more of these third-party providers and the brands of those providers appear on the site or Services in connection with such content, products, services, or functionality, we may share any information you provide or that is collected during your use of those Services with those providers. In some cases, the provider may collect information from you directly, in which case the provider's privacy policy (which may differ from this Privacy Policy) would apply. If you have any questions regarding the privacy policy of any of our providers, you should contact the provider directly for more information.The Services are hosted in the United States and are governed by United States law. If you are using the Services from outside the United States, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our databases are operated. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. By using the Services, you consent to your information being transferred to our facilities and to the facilities of those third parties with whom we share it as described in our Privacy Policy.The Services are not intended for persons under the age of 13. We require that only persons 13 years of age or older use the Services. By using the Services, you hereby represent that you are at least 13 years old. Some third parties, such as platform providers like the iTunes Store or Google Play may provide age-based ratings on some of the Services. These ratings shall have no bearing on this limitation. Third parties may also provide content categories on some of the Services. These categories shall have no bearing on this limitation.If you have any questions, comments, or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy or practices, please send an email to privacy@tribune.com.California law permits users who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed their personal information (if any) for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year, as well as the type of personal information disclosed to those parties. If you are a California resident and would like to request this information, please submit your request in an email to privacy@tribune.com.This Privacy Policy does not create rights enforceable by third parties.Tribune Company reserves the right to change this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Services following the posting of changes to this policy will mean you accept those changes. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will post the updated Privacy Policy here and notify you by email or by means of a notice on our website.Privacy Policy

Privacy Policy
Please note that our Sites and Mobile Content are under constant development. New services are added frequently and this agreement may therefore be modified and updated on an ongoing basis. It is important to check back to this page regularly.
At the Atlantic Monthly Group, Inc. ("The Atlantic"), we want you to enjoy and benefit from our websites and online services secure in the knowledge that we have implemented fair information practices designed to protect your privacy.  Our privacy policy below describes the information we collect, how we use it, and the choices you have regarding collection and use of your personal information.  This policy applies to all websites and online services operated by The Atlantic, including theatlantic.com and theatlanticwire.com, as well as to the content and services we provide to mobile users, through WAP and apps available on mobile devices such as Apple's iPhone and iPad (collectively, our "Sites" or "Sites and Mobile Content").  (App purchases are typically also subject to the terms and conditions of the entity that operates the app store, which are accessible on that entity's website.)Our Sites may automatically recognize your domain name, IP address, browser version, operating system and the website you passed through to reach us. In addition, our Sites automatically gather certain usage information, like the numbers and frequency of visits to the Sites and their areas - very much like television ratings that tell how many people tuned in to a program.  The information we obtain in providing Mobile Content varies depending on the practices of your device manufacturer, service provider, and choices available to you as a user.



Some features of our Sites do offer you the option of providing information such as your name, e-mail address, postal address, phone number, organization, location, or any other identifying information.  As described in greater detail below, such information will only be used to provide you with products or services you have requested or additional information about the Sites or their affiliates.  (You may also provide us with such information in the course of subscribing to The Atlantic magazine or other offerings from The Atlantic - details of how we use such information are also provided below.)



Information gathered through the use of cookies is not used by our Sites to track any personally identifiable details.The information we collect is used to improve the content of The Atlantic magazine and our Sites  and to keep you apprised of important developments.  For example, we may use personally identifiable information to contact you as part of an online survey about our editorial offerings, inform you of material changes or additions to our services, advise you of account status, or contact you in order to comply with any legal requirements.  Also, we compile and use your information so that we may keep you apprised of special offers, as well as additional products that may be of interest to you.



In some cases, we may share personally identifiable information to contact you (sometimes through a vendor or business partner) for the reasons we have described.We will not sell or rent or willfully disclose any personally identifying information obtained through the Sites (other than in connection with magazine subscriptions ordered, as explained below) to a party outside Atlantic Media Company, its divisions, its affiliated publications (such as National Journal, National Journal Daily, Government Executive, and NextGov), its vendors providing Internet hosting services, or third party list managers, without first receiving the user's permission. We do not collect personally identifying information from our visitors, other than what is supplied to us on a voluntary basis.



From time to time we allow reputable companies, whose products or services we feel may interest our print subscribers, to contact these subscribers using the addresses provided to us during the process of subscribing to The Atlantic's print edition.  (We do not share these addresses directly with these companies, however--only with a third party who administers the process on our behalf.) Many of our subscribers find this a valuable and time-saving service. If you do not want your information to be shared, you can choose not to allow the transfer by letting us know by e-mailing, calling, or writing us (see addresses below).

We may provide statistical usage data in the aggregate--not information about you personally--to our partners about how visitors use the Sites. From time to time we conduct research on our users' demographics, interests and behavior based on the information you provide to us upon registration, on order forms, as well as from our server log files or from surveys. We do this to better understand and serve our users. This research is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis and we may share this aggregated data with advertisers or other businesses.



In some cases, we may disclose information about you to a third party if we are required to do so by law or if we in good faith believe that such action is necessary to comply with the law or legal process, to protect and defend our rights or to prevent misuse of our Sites, or to protect the personal safety or property of our users or the public.

In the event of a corporate change in control resulting from, for example, a sale to, or merger with, another entity, or in the event of a sale of assets or a bankruptcy, The Atlantic reserves the right to transfer your personally identifiable information to the new party in control or the party acquiring assets.The Sites place a "cookie" on the browser of a user's computer to gather and store basic tracking information and to monitor the presentation of advertisements. We may also use the information for editorial purposes and for other purposes such as measuring certain traffic patterns. For example, cookies are used to ensure that you don't see the same ad too many times in a single session. Cookies are also used to restrict access to certain areas of the Sites to bona fide subscribers and to enable you to set up customized alerts that no other subscribers are permitted to see. Cookies are not related to any personally identifiable information and are not used to retrieve information from your computer that was not originally sent in a cookie


Advertising service vendors that serve ads into our Sites may also use their own cookies. You may opt-out of the cookies delivered by the Sites by changing the setting on your browser. Some browsers are set to refuse all cookies, or to restrict the conditions under which they are set. Please be aware that this will disable all cookies delivered to your browser, not just the ones delivered by us. If you would like more information about advertisers' use of cookies, and about your ability not to accept these cookies, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative's Opt-Out page here.  If you would like to opt-out of having interest-based information collected during your visits to this or other sites, please visit the consumer opt-out page for the Self Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising here (currently in beta)

Some online advertising for the Sites is delivered by the vendor DoubleClick, a Google company. For more information about DoubleClick's use of cookies, and to "opt-out" of the Doubleclick cookies, visit www.doubleclick.net/us/corporate/privacy.The Sites contain links to other sites, including those produced by other organizations. Additionally, our advertisers, or Web sites that have links on our Sites, may also collect personally identifiable information directly from you. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of those sites.  Please visit the sites of these businesses to review their privacy policies.Kids under 13:  Do not send us any information about yourself, such as your name, address, or e-mail address.

Parents: These Sites are not directed to children under the age of thirteen (13) and we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 as part of the Sites. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personally identifiable information from a user under the age of 13 as part of the Sites without verifiable parental consent, we will delete such information from our records.We have in place reasonable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to protect the information we collect online. However, as effective as these measures are, no security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our database, websites, or services, nor can we guarantee that the information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet.Please note that the Sites are directed towards users who reside in the United States. It is not our intent to gather personally identifiable information from individuals residing outside of the United States. If you are located outside of the United States, the information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States whose laws may not provide the same level of protection for personal information as your home country. By using this web site, you consent to this transfer. You also consent to the adjudication of any disputes arising in connection with this website in the federal and other courts of, and in accordance with the laws of, the District of Columbia.This Privacy Policy may be changed at any time at our discretion.As indicated above, if you do not want your personally identifiable information to be shared, you can choose not to allow the transfer by letting us know by e-mailing, calling or writing us (see addresses below). Similarly, please contact us at the same addresses if at any time you wish to review your personally identifiable information.Atlantic Monthly Group, Inc.
600 New Hampshire Avenue, NW
Washington, DC 20037Atlantic Customer Care
P.O. Box 420235
Palm Coast, FL 32142-0235
For more information on our Privacy Policy, or if at any time you wish to discontinue receiving communications from us that do not directly pertain to your subscription, please let us know by emailing us at theatlantic@emailcustomerservice.com, calling us at 800-234-2411, or writing to us at the address listed below.Atlantic Monthly Group, Inc.
600 New Hampshire Avenue, NW
Washington, DC 20037Privacy Policy

Thank you for visiting the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Web site and reviewing our Web Page Privacy Policy.  VA applies leading privacy practices and adheres to data stewardship principles in managing our Web user data.  The data stewardship principles guiding our efforts include the following goals:
protection of Web user privacy;
maintaining the confidentiality of Web user data; and
ensuring appropriate levels of security for Web user data.

This policy describes how VA applies these principles to the handling of personal information you provide to us via a VA Web page and online forms.
Personal information may include your name; email, home, and/or business address; phone numbers; Social Security Number; or other information that identifies you personally.This General Web Page Privacy Policy ("General Policy") applies to all VA Web pages. Some VA Web pages may provide additional policy guidance on privacy practices that is compatible with this General Policy. These additional policy guidance documents are called "Limited Privacy Policies." Please review any appropriate Limited Privacy Policy prior to submitting your information on any VA Web page.
We will not require you to register or provide personal information in order to visit our Web site.  However, certain pages or areas of our site may require you to register or provide personal information before you will be granted access.
VA does not collect personal information from Web users, unless the personal information is provided by you.  A Limited Privacy Policy will apply in each case where you may provide personal information to VA through our Web site.
We will never sell or rent your personal information to outside parties.
We use Web analysis tools (e.g., cookies) for limited uses authorized in this policy.
This General Privacy Policy and each Limited Privacy Policy promotes the privacy, confidentiality, security, and responsible handling of any information collected by VA over the Web.
VA follows the requirements of the Privacy Act, which protects your personal information that VA maintains in “systems of records”.  A system of records is a file, database, or program from which personal information is retrieved by name or other personal identifier.  The Privacy Act provides a number of protections for your personal information.  These typically include how information is collected, used, disclosed, stored, and disposed.  Our System of Records Notices are available at: Department of Veterans Affairs Privacy Act Systems of Records

We will not disclose your personal information to third parties outside VA without your consent, except to facilitate the transaction, to act on your behalf at your request, or as authorized by law.

When we do collect personal information from you online, we will tell you in advance in the Limited Privacy Policy's Privacy Act Statement.  The Privacy Act Statement will contain any additional privacy policies that apply to the information collected on a particular VA Web page.  The Web pages that collect personal information will have a hyperlink to the Limited Privacy Policy that applies to that particular Web page.

We will use your information to process requests for services or information.  When VA collects information from you, we will reference the relevant authority in the appropriate Limited Privacy Policy.  Providing the information is generally voluntary, but if it is not provided, we may not be able to process your transaction.   When information is required to process your request, we will advise you of this fact in the appropriate Limited Privacy Policy.
We automatically collect certain information about your visit to VA Web sites.  We limit the data collected to meet specific business needs and to protect your privacy.  We may know what path(s) you took on our Web sites, but we don't know who you are.  We do not use this information to identify you personally without your express consent and an authorized purpose.

We automatically collect and store the following information about your visit to a VA Web site:
General log information—Examples of general log information include, but are not limited to: Internet domain (for example, "xcompany.com" or "yourschool.edu"); Internet Protocol (IP) address; operating system; the browser used to access our Web site; the date and time you accessed our site; and the pages that you visited.
Referral and statistical information where we have links to or from the site you visited.  Such data may include aggregate data such as the number of offsite links occurring during a visit to a VA Web page.   It may also include specific data, such as the identity of the site which you visited immediately before or after our site.  We do not use such data to identify you personally.
We use the general log information to help us make our Web sites more useful to visitors.  We use it to learn about how locations on our site are being used, what information is of most and least interest, and how we can enhance ease of use by ensuring our sites can interface with the types of technology our visitors use.   We also use such statistics to tell us of any possible site performance problems.  Except for oversight, law enforcement investigations, or protection of the VA information technology infrastructure as authorized by law, no other attempts are made to identify you or your usage habits.
General logs are used for no other purposes than the purposes described above, and are scheduled for regular destruction in accordance with General Records Schedules published by the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) and agency record control schedule requirements.


What is a Cookie?
When you visit certain Web sites, they send a small piece of information called a “cookie” to your computer along with the Web page.

There are two kinds of cookies.
A Session Cookie is a line of text that is stored temporarily in your computer's random access memory (RAM).  A session cookie is destroyed as soon as you close your browser.
A Persistent Cookie is a line of text that is saved to a file on your hard drive and is called up the next time you visit that Web site.  This lets the Web site remember information about your previous visits and use of the Web site.  Persistent cookies are generally not used by VA or other Federal government Web sites, unless there is a compelling and authorized reason for their use.  If any VA Web page uses a Persistent Cookie, then the Limited Privacy Policy for that Web page will clearly state the purpose and legal authority for such use.

We use Session Cookies in the following manner:
Log-on and log-off process — you do not have to log-on and register to browse our site.  If you decide to register with our site to use one of our online services, session cookies help with the log-on and log-off process.  The cookies enable us to recognize your log-on ID when you log on so that we do not create a duplicate registration record for you.

Transactions and site usability — we use Session Cookies to improve how you navigate through our Web site and conduct transactions.  Session Cookies are used to maintain your online session as you browse over several pages, or to store and enter information on a Web page so that you do not have to reenter the same information, repetitively.  Session Cookies may also be used to collect referral statistics when you click on a link to or from a VA Web page.
Many of our programs and Web sites allow you to use online forms.  We will use the information you provide to respond to you or process a request.

Please remember that many of these forms are sent via email and may not be secure against interception across the Internet.  They may also remain as a permanent, retrievable record with your Internet Service Provider (ISP).  If your email communication or online form contains sensitive information, or includes such information as your medical records, drug prescriptions, bank account or social security number, you should send it by U.S. mail, unless the Web site Limited Privacy Policy clearly indicates that such communications are appropriately secured for transmission over the Internet.
We do not sell, rent, or otherwise provide your personal information to outside marketers.  Information collected via VA Web sites may be shared with employees, contractors, and other service providers as necessary to respond to a request, provide a service, or as otherwise authorized by law.  If appropriate, additional information regarding the use and disclosure of information collected on specific Web pages will be posted in the appropriate Limited Privacy Policyfor that Web page.
In those instances where we secure your personal information in transit to us over the Internet, and upon our receipt, VA uses industry-standard encryption, including Secure Socket Layer (SSL).  The connection icon area on your browser will change to “HTTPS” instead of “HTTP” when this security feature is invoked.  Your browser may also display a lock symbol on the task bar at the bottom of your screen to indicate this secure transmission is in place.  You should refer to the instructions for your particular Internet browser software to determine how to examine the security certificate from our Web site to verify the security of the connection.

For site security purposes and to ensure that VA Web sites remain available to all users, VA employs software programs to monitor network traffic in order to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.  Except for oversight or authorized law enforcement investigations, no other attempts are made to identify individual users or their usage habits other than those uses identified in this policy.

Unauthorized attempts or acts to either (1) access, upload, change, or delete information on this system, (2) modify this system, (3) deny access to this system, or (4) accrue resources for unauthorized use on this system, are strictly prohibited and may be considered violations subject to criminal, civil, or administrative penalties.

VA takes the security of all personally identifiable information we maintain very seriously.  We implement various measures to protect the security and confidentiality of personally identifiable information.  Such measures include access controls designed to limit access to personally identifiable information to the extent necessary to accomplish our mission.  We also employ various security technologies to protect personally identifiable information stored on our systems.  We test our security measures periodically to ensure that they remain operational.
This Web site provides access to other Web sites outside our control and jurisdiction.  When you link to these Web sites, you leave our Web site and your communications no longer are protected by our privacy policies.  VA is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of non-VA Web sites.  We encourage you to review the privacy policy or terms and conditions of those sites to fully understand what information is collected and how it is used.
VA may, from time to time, collect information from children under 13 years of age.  In instances where we collect personal information from children under 13 years old, we will do so only with parental notice and consent.  We will take all reasonable steps necessary to protect the privacy and safety of any child from whom information is collected, in accordance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA).


Contact VA Privacy Service
Please let us know if you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policy or use of your information.  You can contact us online at Contact VA Privacy Service, or you can mail us your question or concern at Department of Veterans Affairs, Privacy Service, 810 Vermont Avenue, N.W. (005R1A) Washington, DC 20420.
Your inquiry will be treated confidentially and will not be shared with third parties, except as necessary to respond to your inquiry and for other purposes as authorized by the Privacy Act and other relevant legal authority.

The VA Privacy Service works to minimize the impact on veteran's privacy, particularly veteran's personal information and dignity, while achieving the mission of the Department of Veteran Affairs.THE WEEKLY STANDARD ONLINE PRIVACY POLICYThank you for visiting WeeklyStandard.com, (the “Site”).  This Site is owned and operated by The Weekly Standard LLC (“TWS”), located at 1150 17th Street, N.W., Suite 505, Washington, D.C. 20036.  Your access to and use of this Site is subject to the following Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) and all applicable laws.  The terms “TWS”, “we”, “us” and “our” when used in this Privacy Policy means TWS, its parent company, Clarity Media Group, Inc. and their respective subsidiaries and affiliates. The terms “you” and “your” when used in this Privacy Policy means any user of this Site.

Your privacy on the Internet is of the utmost importance to us, and we want to make your experience online satisfying and safe. This Privacy Policy describes how we protect your privacy when you use the Site. This Privacy Policy applies only to information, including personally identifiable information, collected through our Site. ”PII” means “personally identifiable information,” which is information that identifies you personally, either alone or in combination with other information available to us (including without limitation you name, address, email address, telephone number, age, or other personal information). “Non-PII” means “non-personally identifiable information” or other information which alone does not identify you (however, in some circumstances Non-PII may be combined with PII in order to identify a specific individual). This Privacy Policy is part of and incorporated into the Terms of Use for our Site.By using our Site, you are agreeing to the collection, use, and disclosure of your PII and Non-PII as described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of your PII or Non-PII as described in this Privacy Policy, you may not use our Site.  If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, please email us at webmaster@weeklystandard.com.We or our third party service providers may collect and track the following types of information about users on our Site:

Optional Voluntary Information. In order to access or use certain services and capabilities on our Site, you may be required to voluntarily submit certain PII. The use of these services or capabilities is purely optional, so you are not required to submit any PII to TWS if you do not wish to use them. Some of these capabilities include subscribing to our print magazine; subscribing to our email newsletter; making a purchase in our online store; requesting information from us; submitting feedback to us; using our Site to e-mail an article; participating in surveys, polls, contests, or sweepstakes on our Site; or requesting customer service or technical support through our Site.  Some of the PII you provide for these purposes is sent directly to our third party service providers rather than being collected by TWS. For example, if you make a purchase in our online store, subscribe to our print magazine, request information regarding our cruise, or use our article email function, your data is transferred directly to the third party service providers with whom TWS has contracted to handle these services on our behalf.

Usage tracking. TWS tracks user traffic patterns and content accessed throughout our Site. However, we do not correlate this information with data about personally identifiable individual users. TWS sometimes tracks and catalogs the search terms users of our Site enter in our Search function, but this tracking is not associated with individual users. Collecting usage information allows us to better tailor our content to readers' needs and to help our advertisers and sponsors better understand our audience. In addition, certain third party service providers may track usage and Non-PII of our users. This is described further below.

Cookies, pixels, and other technologies. In order to improve your experience when using our Site, we, our third party service providers, or advertisers may place a text file called a "cookie" in the browser files of your computer, which stores preferences and may be used to help personalize your experience. A cookie can't read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. We, our third party service providers or advertisers may also use web beacons, pixel tags, or other technologies, which are small pieces of code placed on a web page or embedded in emails sent to users. More information about third party advertising and ad targeting is below. TWS uses cookies to track user traffic patterns, to enhance your experience when using our Site, to persist information through your session, and to personalize the Site for you based on your preferences and selections. You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. If you've set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies, you will receive the warning message with each cookie. Disabling cookies may result in errors while using the Site.

Information Sent to Us by Your Web Browser. TWS collects certain Non-PII sent to us automatically by your web browser, such as your IP address, the address of the web page you were visiting when you accessed our Site, information on your operating system and browser, and the date and time of your visit. In addition, we may review our server logs for security purposes, such as detecting intrusions into our network. If we suspect criminal activity, we might share our server logs -- which contain visitors' IP addresses -- with the appropriate investigative authorities who could use that information to trace and identify individuals.We generally use third party advertising companies to serve ads when users visit the Site. In the course of serving advertisements to this Site, our third-party advertisers may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. These companies may use Non-PII collected regarding user visits to this Site and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to our users. The Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”), a cooperative group of ad serving providers that has developed a set of privacy principles to which its members adhere, provides a website offering more information about this practice and your choices about not having this information used by these companies, as well as information about NAI and third party ad servers in general. You may visit the NAI site at www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp.

We use certain third parties to serve ads on our Site, to provide us with data collection and ad response measurement. These third parties may view or set their own cookies, web beacons, pixel tags or use similar technologies subject to their own privacy guidelines. In addition to the NAI site, which provides general information about third party ad servers, you may visit the websites of the third parties listed below to see the privacy policies of some of our ad serving and data collection partners. For your reference, the privacy policy of one of our third party service providers, Datran Media, LLC, is provided here: http://www.datranmedia.com/privacy.TWS may use PII collected on our Site: to enhance your experience using our Site (whether to provide interactive or personalized elements on the Site or to better prepare future content based on the interests of our users); to process your order, subscription, or other request for information or products; to maintain your registration on the Site; to improve our Site or for other purposes related to the business of TWS; for any other purpose described in this Privacy Policy or otherwise as we may disclose to you from time to time. We may also use Non-PII sent to us by your web browser or by cookies to perform statistical analyses of our server logs in order to study the use and popularity of various areas of our Site. We also review IP addresses to analyze where we are getting our audience.  TWS creates aggregate reports on user demographics and traffic patterns for advertisers, sponsors and partners. This allows our advertisers to advertise more effectively, and allows our users to receive advertisements that are pertinent to their needs. We will not collect (nor provide to an advertiser or sponsor) information that a specific identifiable user clicked on any particular ad. However, by clicking on, otherwise interacting with or viewing an ad, you are consenting to the possibility that the advertiser will make the assumption that you meet the targeting criteria used to display the ad, and this may lead to similar ads being targeted to you on our Site and potentially on other Sites.We may inform advertisers of the results of our analyses of our server logs, including details regarding Site usage and general information about our audience, however, such disclosures will refer only to general, aggregate usage data from these analyses - never specific identifying information. We may share your PII with: (i) our current or future affiliates, subsidiaries, parent company, or other related entities; (ii) companies and organizations that perform services on our behalf, for example, companies that provide support services to us (such as data storage and web hosting services); and (iii) carefully selected third parties for marketing or other purposes not expressly described herein. In addition, in many circumstances, your data is provided directly to our third party service providers rather than being provided to TWS (for example, when you subscribe to our print magazine online, when you make a purchase in our online store, when you email an article through our Site, or when you sign up to receive information about a cruise) as all of these functions are handled by third parties on behalf of TWS, and these entities may in turn share your PII with TWS. We may disclose the PII we collect through our Site when we, in good faith, believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law (or a court order or subpoena); to prevent or investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft; to enforce the terms of use or other agreements that govern your use of our Site; to protect the rights, property or safety of TWS, our users or others; or to protect your vital interests. Information submitted to our Site is an asset of TWS and will become part of our normal business records. Your PII may be transferred to another company that has acquired the stock or assets of TWS, for example, as the result of a sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or liquidation. If such a transfer 
occurs, the acquiring company's use of your PII will still be subject to this Privacy Policy, and the privacy preferences you have expressed to us.

Please be aware that although we may request your consent for some disclosures described in this section, by using our Site you are deemed to have accepted and agreed to the sharing of your information collected through our Site in the manner described in this Privacy Policy, and we will not be required to obtain your consent for any disclosure described in this Privacy Policy.Third party sites, including our partners, advertisers, affiliates and other content providers accessible through our Site, may have their own privacy and data collection policies and practices. Through the Site you may be introduced to, or be able to access, information, third party sites, content, advertisements, features, contests or sweepstakes offered by other parties. TWS is not responsible for the actions or policies of such third parties and is not liable to you for any claims that may arise from your interaction with those third parties or their sites. You should exercise caution and check the applicable privacy policies of those third parties when providing PII or another party's information on a feature or page operated by a third party.TWS is headquartered in the United States, and you understand that any PII collected on the Site will be transferred to TWS in the United States and may be shared with entities related to TWS wherever they may be located. You hereby consent to the transfer to and processing of any PII by TWS and any TWS related entities, or any of the other parties described in this Privacy Policy, whether located in the United States or any other countries, for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, or for any other specific purposes to which you consent. If you are located in a country other than the United States, you should note that, at present, the laws of the United States and certain other countries have not been approved by the European Commission or privacy authorities in certain other countries as providing “adequate protection” for personal information within the meaning of the EU Data Protection Directive or applicable laws of other countries. Please know, however, that no matter where your personal information is collected, used, transferred or stored, if it was collected through the TWS Site, it will be protected by the terms o of this Privacy Policy.Consistent with the Federal Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), we will never knowingly request PII from anyone under the age of 13 without requesting parental consent. The Site is not directed at nor targeted to children under the age of 13 and we do not use the Site to knowingly solicit PII from or market to children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, do not provide us with any PII. If we learn that someone under 13 has provided Personal Information to the Site, we will use reasonable efforts to remove such information from our databases.TWS operates secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password protection systems. Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary. Only authorized individuals have access to the PII provided by our Site's users.We respect your right to make choices about the ways we collect, use and disclose your PII. You may update or modify your information at any time by logging in to the Site using your user name and password and updating your user profile, or by sending an email to us at webmaster@weeklystandard.com. You may also request that we delete the information you have provided to us by sending an email to webmaster@weeklystandard.com.If you wish to opt-out of receiving emails from TWS or any third party service providers or partners of TWS, please click on the “opt out” link at the bottom of the applicable email, or send an email to webmaster@weeklystandard.com to opt out of emails from TWS (our third party partners have their own opt-out procedures which you should be able to find on their emails or websites).We reserve the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy, at any time and without prior notice, by posting 
the revised version of this Privacy Policy on the Site. Your use of the Site following any such change constitutes your agreement that all PII or Non-PII collected from or about you through the Site after the revised Privacy Policy is posted will be subject to the terms of the revised Privacy Policy. You may access the current version of this Privacy Policy at any time by clicking on the link marked "Privacy Policy" at the bottom of each page of our Site.   To the extent rules or guidelines affecting your use of the Site are found on other pages of the Site, those rules and guidelines are hereby incorporated by reference into this Privacy Policy.This Privacy Policy is effective as of January 25, 2011.BREITBART.COM
PRIVACY POLICY
At breitbart.com we are committed to protecting your privacy. Generally, you may visit www.breitbart.com (our "Site") without giving us any information about yourself. However, there are times when we may need to obtain personal information from you in order to provide certain services that you may request. This Privacy Policy was developed to help you understand what information we collect as well as how we use and safeguard the information you provide to us on our Site. This Privacy Policy may be revised from time to time, so please revisit this page to remain fully informed of our privacy policy.You can access our home page at www.breitbart.com and browse some areas of our Site without disclosing any personally identifiable information. We do track information provided to us by your browser, including the web site you came from (known as the referring URL), the type of browser you use, the time and date of access, and other information that does not personally identify you.

In addition, we gather information about you that is automatically collected by our web server, such as your IP address, domain name and pages that you access. Breitbart.com may use web server and browser information to individually customize its offerings and presentations if you submit your personal information.

We may also collect personal information, including your name, cell phone number, e-mail address, and certain demographic data, only when you choose to voluntarily provide to us such information, such as by registering, making inquiries regarding our services, requesting breaking news alerts, reporting any problems with our Site, providing us with feedback on our Site, or otherwise.

We do not collect information through "cookies", but our advertisers may collect cookies when you click through the advertisement to their website. Cookies are small strings of text sent by the site to your browser which are then stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Amongst other things, Advertisers use cookies to understand how you and others are using their site, to identify repeat visitors, and to determine the paths visitors take on their site. They also use cookies to determine whether you visited their site from a particular Internet link or advertisement.

Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but it is possible to change your browser setup to allow you to control whether you will accept cookies, reject cookies, or to notify you each time a cookie is sent to you. If your browser is set to reject cookies, the advertiser may not recognize you when you return to their site. The Help section of your browser will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting cookies".

When you register we may ask for information such as your name, email address, cellular phone number, and additional information. Once you register with breitbart.com and sign in to our services, you may no longer be anonymous to us or our advertisers.

Our Site is a general audience web site and does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. By using our site, you represent that you are not under 13 years of age.
Links to Third Party Web Sites:
Our Site may offer links to other web sites, including links embedded in advertisements and links to various news sources. Such links to other websites may have information policies and practices different from ours. In addition, certain companies associated with breitbart.com may have their own privacy policies. We do not own or control such companies and web sites, and are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices or the content of web sites that we do not own or control.
How We Protect Your Information:
We use industry-accepted technology to protect your data from disclosure to unauthorized third parties. Our server is also protected by a firewall to prevent unauthorized access to any information we may store. Although these measures are typically effective, use of the Internet and related computer systems is inherently vulnerable to unauthorized access or "hacking." No guarantee can be given that all information you provide to us will not be accessed by unauthorized persons.
How We Use Your Information:
We collect, retain, and use internally Site visitor information only for legitimate business purposes, including the following: to correspond with you regarding our site or services, to inform you of developments in our company or with our services that we believe may be of interest to you, to send you breaking news alerts, to monitor Site visitor traffic patterns and Site usage, to comply with applicable laws, to enforce our Terms of Use or other agreements, and to protect the rights, property, or safety of breitbart.com, our users, and others.

We may also use the information we collect to occasionally e-mail you regarding important functionality changes to the Site or to e-mail you announcements and promotions related to our business, products, and/or services. If you would rather not receive such correspondence, please e-mail us to that effect at webmaster@breitbart.com. If you have provided us more than one e-mail address, please remember to e-mail us from each of the e-mail accounts you have given us.

Except as provided below, we limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs.

We strive to maintain the accuracy of our customer information. We respond promptly to update our database when you tell us your information is not accurate.
When We May Disclose Your Information:
We may share in aggregate, statistical form non-personal information regarding the visitors to our Site, traffic patterns, and Site usage with our partners, affiliates, investors, or other third parties.

We will disclose information we maintain when required to do so by law or may disclose such information in response to a request from a law enforcement agency or authority. We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.

We believe it is necessary and may share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of breitbart.com's Terms of Use, or as otherwise required by law.

We may transfer information about you if breitbart.com is acquired by or merged with another company.

To maintain a site that is free of charge, Breitbart.com contains advertising. Breitbart.com does not provide any personal information to the advertiser when you interact with or view a targeted ad. However, by interacting with or viewing an ad, you may disclose personal information to their website and are consenting to the possibility that the advertiser will make the assumption that you meet the targeting criteria used to display the ad.
Consent:
By using this Site, you consent to our collection and use of personal information you choose to provide to us. We reserve the right, at any time, to modify, alter, or update this statement, and any such modifications, alterations, or updates will be effective upon posting.
Privacy Questions:
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please them to us email at webmaster@breitbart.com. Breitbart.com may also be contacted directly at the following address:

Designated Agent: Webmaster
Address of Agent: 149 S. Barrington Ave., #401, Los Angeles, CA 90049
E-mail for notice: webmaster@breitbart.com
This Privacy Policy is revised as of February 4, 2008 and may be modified from time to time.Privacy StatementDX undertakes to collect Your Data by means that are:
· Fair
· Legal
· Transparent

If you visit DX's web-site, your web-browser automatically discloses, and DX's web-server automatically logs, the following information: the date and time, the IP address from which you issued the request, the type of browser and operating system you are using, the URL of any page that referred you to the page, the URL you requested, and whether your request was successful. This data may or may not be sufficient to identify you.
Any additional data that you provide, e.g. in a web-form, may also be logged. This data may or may not be sufficient to identify you.
Any additional data that your web-browser automatically provides may also be logged. This will be the case, for example, if your browser has previously been requested to store data on your computer in 'cookies' and submits them each time you request a web-page within a particular domain (such as DX.com). This data may or may not be sufficient to identify you.

If you disclose personal data to DX in conjunction with an identifier such as your name or your contact details (such as your e-mail address), DX will collect Your Data. Moreover, any data that becomes available to DX through any of the means described in the preceding paragraphs may be able to be associated with that identifier, and hence become Your Data.

Subject to the qualifications immediately below, DX undertakes to collect Your Data from you and not from other parties. This undertaking is qualified as follows:
· Where DX reasonably considers that the protection of its financial interests requires that it gather Your Data from other sources, or from additional sources. This applies in particular where DX has a lending exposure to you, and seeks information about your creditworthiness;
· Where DX reasonably considers that its capability to deliver quality services to you will be materially enhanced by gathering Your Data from other sources. This applies in particular to consumer profile data.
Where DX collects Your Data from sources other than you, it undertakes:
· To do so only by legal means;
· To do so only with your Consent; and
· To declare to you what sources it uses, and under what circumstances.

DX undertakes to declare the purpose of collection in a manner which is clear and meaningful, and to avoid vague, highly inclusive statements such as 'to support our operations'.DX undertakes to store Your Data in a manner that ensures security against unauthorized access, alteration or deletion, at a level commensurate with its sensitivity.

DX undertakes to store Your Data only in jurisdictions where data protections are at least equivalent to those required under the OECD Guidelines.
DX undertakes to transmit Your Data in a manner that ensures security against unauthorized access, alteration or deletion, at a level commensurate with its sensitivity.
DX undertakes to implement appropriate measures to ensure security of Your Data against inappropriate behavior by DX's staff-members and contractors. These include:

· Training for staff in relation to privacy;
· Access control, to limit access to Your Data to those staff and contractors who have legitimate reasons to access it;
·  Particularly in the case of sensitive data, audit trails of accesses, including the identities of staff and contractors accessing the data;
·  Reminders to staff and contractors from time to time about the importance of data privacy, and the consequences of inappropriate behavior;
·  Declaration of appropriately strong sanctions that are to be applied in the event of inappropriate behavior
·  Clear communication of policies and sanctions; and
·  Processes to audit, to investigate and to impose sanctions.Use refers to the application of Your Data by any part of DX, or any staff-member or contractor of DX in the course of their work.

DX undertakes to use Your Data only for:
·  The purposes for which it was collected;
·  Such other purposes as are subsequently agreed between DX and You;
·  Such additional purposes as may be required by law. In these circumstances, DX will take any reasonable steps available to it to communicate to You that the use has occurred, unless it is precluded from doing so by law; and
·  Such additional purposes as are authorized by law (in particular to protect DX's interests, e.g. if it believes on reasonable grounds that You have failed to fulfill your undertakings to DX or have committed a breach of the criminal law).

DX undertakes to use Your Data only if it has demonstrable relevance to the particular use to which it is being put.

DX undertakes to use Your Data in such a manner as to take into account the possibility that it is not of sufficient quality for the purpose, e.g. because it is inaccurate, out-of-date, incomplete, or out-of-context.Disclosure refers to making Your Data available to any party other than DX and You. The term disclosure may include many different conditions of data transfer, including selling, renting, trading, sharing and giving.

DX undertakes to disclose Your Data only under the following circumstances:
·  In the course of business being conducted between You and DX, where disclosure is necessary to a contractor, such as payment processors like PayPal and transportation companies. Where Your Data is disclosed in this way, DX undertakes to exercise control over DX's contractors to ensure that their actions are compliant with these Terms;
·  In other circumstances that are directly implied by the purpose agreed between You and DX at the time of data collection or subsequently. Where Your Data is disclosed in this way, DX undertakes to exercise control over DX's contractors to ensure that their actions are compliant with these Terms;
·  With your consent, or at your request;
·  Where required by law, such as a provision of a statute, or a court order such as a search warrant or subpoena. In these circumstances, DX will take any reasonable steps available to it to communicate to You that the disclosure has occurred, unless it is precluded from doing so by law;
·  Where permitted by law (e.g. the reporting of suspected breach of the criminal law to a law enforcement agency; and in an emergency, where DX believes on reasonable grounds that the disclosure of Your Data will materially assist in the protection of the life of health of some person), provided that DX will apply due diligence to ensure that the exercise of the permission is justifiable.

In all cases, DX undertakes to disclose only such of Your Data as is necessary in the particular circumstances.Subject to the qualifications immediately below, DX undertakes:
·  To retain Your Data only as long as is consistent with its purpose; and
·  To destroy Your Data when its purpose has expired, and to do so in such a manner that Your Data is not subsequently capable of being recovered.
This undertaking is qualified as follows:
·  Your Data may be retained in DX's logs, backups and audit trails within short-term retention cycles that are devised to protect the company's operations. In such cases, Your Data will be destroyed in accordance with those cycles;
·  Your Data may be retained beyond the expiry of its purpose if that is required by law, such as a provision of a statute, or a court order such as a search warrant or subpoena, or a warning by a law enforcement agency that delivery of a court order is imminent. In these circumstances DX:
· Will take any reasonable steps available to it to communicate to You that Your Data is being retained, unless it is precluded from doing so by law; and
· Will only retain Your Data while that provision is current, and will then destroy Your Data;
· DX follows all of the existing Google's Remarketing Privacy Guidelines, Policies, and Restrictions.
· DX uses Analytics data and the DoubleClick cookie to serve ads based on your prior visits to DX.com.
· You may opt out of the DoubleClick cookie by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page or you may opt out of Google Analytics by visiting the Google Analytics Opt-out page.
·  Your Data may be retained beyond the expiry of its purpose if it is authorized by law (in particular to protect DX's interests, e.g. if it believes on reasonable grounds that You have failed to fulfill your undertakings to DX or have committed a breach of the criminal law). 

In these circumstances, DX will only retain Your Data while that situation is current and will then destroy Your Data.DX undertakes to provide you with access to Your Data, subject to only such conditions and processes as are reasonable in the circumstances. In particular, DX undertakes to enable access:
·  Conveniently
·  Without unreasonable delay
·  Without cost

DX undertakes to establish and operate identity authentication protections for access to Your Data that are appropriate to its sensitivity, but practical. This may involve some inconvenience; for example, relatively straightforward procedures may be involved in order to provide you with access through a channel that you have previously registered with DX (such as a particular email-address), but may impose more onerous procedures if you wish to use some other channel.

In the event that you dispute some aspect of Your Data, DX undertakes to take reasonable steps in relation to the amendment, supplementation or deletion of Your Data.
You undertake:
·  Not to seek access for frivolous purposes, or unreasonably frequently;
·  To accept that deletion of some data may not be consistent with the provision of particular services by DX to you.DX undertakes to make information available to you about the manner in which DX handles your data:
·  In general terms, in a readily accessible manner
·  In more specific terms, on request
Where Your Data is disclosed to a contractor, DX undertakes to make information available to you on request about the manner in which DX's contractors handle your data.

DX undertakes to ensure that the information provided is meaningful and addresses your concerns.
You undertake:
·  Not to seek such information for frivolous purposes, or unreasonably frequently
·  To accept that the disclosure of excessive detail may harm the security of Your Data and DX's business processes, and may harm DX's commercial interests.If you have enquiries, general concerns, or complaints about these Terms, or about DX's behavior in relation to these Terms, you undertake:
To communicate them in the first instance:
· To DX only
· In sufficient detail
· Through a channel made available by DX for that purpose
DX undertakes:
·  To provide one or more channels for communications to DX, which are convenient to users
·  To promptly provide acknowledgement of the receipt of communications, including the provision of a copy of the communication, the date and time it was registered, and DX's reference-code for the communication;
·  To promptly provide a response to the communication, in an appropriate and meaningful manner.

You further undertake to not pursue DX through any Regulator or the media:
·  Until and unless DX has had a reasonable opportunity to respond to the initial communication; and
·  While DX and you remain are conducting a meaningful dialogue about the matter.DX declares that its undertakings in these Terms are intended to create legal obligations, and that those obligations are intended to be enforceable under appropriate laws in appropriate jurisdictions. These include laws relating to data protection, privacy, fair trading, corporations and criminal laws.
You undertake to seek enforcement only in a jurisdiction that is relevant to the transactions that have taken place between You and DX, in particular the jurisdiction in which you live or in which you performed the relevant acts, and the jurisdiction in which DX is domiciled or performed the relevant acts.

If you wish to discover the relevant laws in any particular jurisdiction, DX draws your attention to the following resources:
·  World LII Privacy Links
·  Compilation of [U.S.] State and Federal Privacy Laws, Privacy Journal, Providence RI
·  Privacy Law Sourcebook 2004, EPIC, Washington DC
·  the Australian Privacy Foundation's pages:
· International Instruments Relating to Privacy Law
· Privacy Laws of Countries of the World
· Privacy Laws of the Commonwealth of Australia
· Privacy Laws of the States and Territories of Australia

Privacy International DX undertakes:
·  Not to materially change these Terms in a manner that reduces the protections for Your Data;
·  To take all possible steps to prevent any company that acquires this company or any of its relevant assets from materially changing the Terms applicable to Your Data in a manner that reduces the protections for Your Data;
·  Where it is considering making changes to these Terms, or creating more specific Terms relating to specific services, to consult with appropriate representative and advocacy organizations;
·  Where it makes changes to these Terms, to ensure that the differences between successive versions are readily accessible;
·  To maintain all prior versions of these Terms in such a manner that they are dated, and readily accessible.DX means DX.com.

Your Data means data that is capable of being associated with you, whether or not it includes an explicit identifier such as your name or customer number. In particular, it encompasses all data that DX is capable of correlating with you, using such means as server-logs and cookie-contents.
Your Data does not refer to data that can no longer be associated with you. This includes aggregated data that does not and cannot identify the individuals whose data are included in the aggregation.

Consent means your concurrence with an action to be taken by DX. Consent may be express or implicit, but in either case must be informed and freely-given.MLBTradeRumors.com Privacy Policy
By Tim Dierkes [August 31, 2007 at 11:59pm CST]
This is a Dierkes Information Services, Inc. website.
Our postal address is
P.O. Box 396
Glen Ellyn, IL 60138
We can be reached via e-mail via the site's contact form or at mlbtrhelp@gmail.com.

For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer's domain name, but not the e-mail address (where possible).
We collect only the domain name, but not the e-mail address of visitors to our Web page, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.

The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page only.

Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site.  Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet.  Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.

With respect to Ad Servers: To try and bring you offers that are of interest to you, we have relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads on our Web pages. As a result of your visit to our site, ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information. For further information, consult the privacy policy of:
http://www.exponential.com/who-we-are/privacy-policy.jsp

If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses.The Home Depot values and respects the privacy of its customers and visitors. The purpose of this Privacy and Security Statement is to provide you with information about how The Home Depot collects, uses, and shares the information we collect from our customers and visitors. It also describes the choices you can make about our use of your information. Our collection efforts are designed to improve the shopping experience of our customers and to provide customers relevant information about our products, services, and promotions.

About  this Policy
Information We Collect
How Information is Collected
How We Use Information
Information Sharing
Your Privacy Preferences
Our Sites and Children
Your California Privacy Rights
Security
Links
More Questions?
Changes to this Privacy and Security Statement
Our Tracking Techniques
My Account Registration and UseThis Privacy and Security Statement describes the privacy practices of The Home Depot, Inc. and its subsidiaries, divisions, affiliates, brands and other The Home Depot companies ("The Home Depot", “our”, or “we”).  It applies to our interactions with our customers and visitors, including, but not limited to:
•  Use of our websites, including mobile websites
•  Visits to our stores or attendance at one of our events
•  Use of our applications for mobile phones, tablets or other smart devices
•  Phone and email communications
•  Social media interactions on our websites and other third party websites like Facebook, YouTube and Twitter
•  Viewing our online advertisements or emails

This Privacy and Security Statement does not apply to the practices of The Home Depot Canada, The Home Depot Mexico, Home Decorators Collection, or Red Beacon. The privacy policy for Canada is www.homedepot.ca/privacy. The privacy policy for Mexico is http://www.homedepot.com.mx/comprar/es/torres/AvisodePrivacidad. The privacy policy for Home Decorators Collection is www.homedecorators.com/privacy. The privacy policy for Red Beacon is www.redbeacon.com/about/privacy.  Also, this policy does not apply to third-party websites accessible through our websites.Contact information
We may collect the names and user names of our customers and other visitors. Additionally, we may collect your purchase history, billing and shipping addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, and other digital contact information. We may also collect information that you provide us about others.

Payment information
When you make a purchase we collect your payment information, including information from your credit or debit card, check, PayPal account or gift card. If you apply for a The Home Depot credit card or a home improvement loan, we might collect information related to your application.

Returns information
When you return a product to our stores or request a refund or exchange, we may collect information from you and ask you to provide your government issued ID. We use the information we collect from you and capture off of your government issued ID to help prevent fraud.  To learn more about our Returns Policy, click here.

Demographic information
We may collect information about products or services you like, reviews you submit, or where you shop.  We might also collect information like your age or gender.

Location information
If you use our mobile websites or applications, we may collect location data obtained from your mobile device's GPS.  If you use our websites, we may collect location data obtained from your IP address.  We use this location data to find our nearest store to you, product availability at our stores near you and driving directions to our stores.

Other information
If you use our websites, we may collect information about the browser you are using.  We might track the pages you visit, look at what website you came from, or what website you visit when you leave us.  We collect this information using the tracking tools described here. To control those tools, please read the Your Privacy Preferences section.We collect information directly from you. The following are a few examples of when we collect information from you:
•  During website or survey registration
•  In connection with an online or in-store purchase
•  If you use an online forum, submit a question or answer to our Product Q & A or provide us with comments or reviews
•  If you upload a photo or other digital content through one of our websites or applications
•  If you register for a loyalty program or apply for a The Home Depot credit card or a home improvement loan
•  If you participate in a sweepstakes, contest, clinic or workshop
•  If you rent equipment or vehicles or request warranty or other information
•  If you return a product or use a rebate
•  If you request we send you an electronic copy of your in-store receipt
•  In connection with your interactions with us as a registered user of our websites.  For example, when you use the features of our My Account tool like Express Checkout, Address Book, My Lists, My Project Guides, etc.

We collect information from you passively.
We may use tracking tools like browser cookies, flash cookies, and web beacons. To learn more about these tools and how you can control them, click here.

We collect information from other sources.
We may get information about you from third party business partners, like an updated address from a shipping vendor.  We may collect information about you from a friend. For example, if your friend purchases something for us to send to you.

We collect information from Affiliates of The Home Depot.
We may get information about you from a company controlled by, or under common control with, The Home Depot (our “Affiliates”).We use the information we collect for our business purposes, including:

To respond to your questions and requests. Examples include:
•  Fulfilling orders or providing services
•  Entering you into a sweepstakes or sending you prizes you might have won
•  Registering you for a particular website, loyalty program, or extended warranty service or providing you with information regarding such programs or services
•  Processing a return (to learn more about our Returns Policy, click here)
•  Responding to a product or service review

To improve our products and services.
We may use your information to make website or product and service improvements.

To look at website trends and customer interests.
We might use your information to customize your experience with us. We may also combine information we get from you with information about you we have received from third parties to assess trends and interests.

For security purposes.
We may use your information to protect our company, our customers, or our websites.  For example, we might use cameras in our stores to track store traffic or our stock.

For our marketing.
In certain circumstances, we may send you communications about special The Home Depot promotions or offers. For example, if you have registered on a website and indicated you want to receive this information or if you gave us your information in one of our stores.  We may also notify you of new website features or product and service offerings.  If permitted, we may also send information about offers from our Affiliates and other companies we think you might find interesting. To manage our communications with you, follow the instructions in the Your Privacy Preferences section below.

To communicate with you about your account or our relationship.
We may contact you to tell you about changes to this Privacy and Security Statement, the Terms of Use of our websites or mobile applications, or changes to any of our programs in which you might be enrolled. We may also tell you about issues with your orders or if there is a product recall.

For other uses we may disclose to you.We may share your information for our business purposes and as legally required or permitted, including:

With third parties who perform services on our behalf.
We share information with our service providers, such as our delivery service providers who ship and deliver your online orders. We might also authorize our service providers to collect information on our behalf.  Some service providers may be located outside of the United States.  We might also share information with the vendors and manufacturers of our products and services to respond to your reviews and questions.

To offer financial products.
We use service providers to offer financial products, such as The Home Depot credit card and home improvement loans. We may share personal information about our consumers with these service providers in order to provide you with tailored information about products and services and special offers. These service providers also have their own privacy statements that set out the manner in which they will collect, use and disclose personal information. We encourage you to review each service provider's privacy statement at the time you submit your application for such financial products.

To provide extended warranty services.
If you purchase a The Home Depot Extended Warranty Service you will be required to provide information such as your name and address to our warranty service providers. While these service providers are limited by contract in the way they may use your information to provide The Home Depot Extended Warranty Services, we encourage you to review each service provider's privacy statement at the time you submit your personal information for such services.

Data Sharing for Catalog Mailings.
We may share your name, address and transactional information about products you have purchased from our catalogs with third party companies so that you may receive future catalog offerings about products and services that may be of interest to you. If you prefer not to have your information shared with third party companies for this purpose, please see the section below entitled Your Privacy Preferences.

With any successor to all or part of our business.
For example, if all or part of our business is sold we may sell our customer list as part of that transaction.

If we think we have to in order to comply with the law.
For example, we will disclose information to respond to a court order or subpoena.  We may also disclose information if a government agency or investigatory body requests it.

With our business partners.
For example, we might share information with one of our Affiliates or a business partner who is running a joint promotion with us or who provides a product or service in partnership with us.

To protect us.
For example, we will disclose information if we suspect fraud.  We will also share information as part of an investigation.

At your direction.
For example, if you ask us to provide your information to a third-party to facilitate the resolution of a dispute.You can register or change your preferences to receive or not receive marketing communications from us by clicking www.homedepot.com/privacypreferences or emailing us.  Please allow sufficient time for your preferences to be processed.  Even if you opt out of receiving marketing messages, we may still contact you for transactional purposes like confirming or following up on an order or service request, asking you to review a product or service you have ordered, or notifying you of product recalls.   If you later opt back into getting marketing communications from us, we will remove your information from our opt-out databases.

Registered website users can update their information at the Your Account section of our website. If you are not a registered website user, you can contact us by email.

To manage how we use cookies and other tracking tools, please click here.Our websites and mobile applications are not created for children. To our knowledge we do not collect information online from children under 18. If you are a parent or guardian and think we have information about your child, please email customercare@homedepot.com. To learn more about how to protect your child online, visit the FTC's www.OnGuardOnline.gov. You may also want to read the helpful information about children and privacy that the FTC provides by clicking here.If you live in California and have an established business relationship with us, you can request a list of the personal information we have shared with third parties for their marketing purposes. We will also give you a list of the third parties that have received your information.  You can make a request one time each year.

To exercise your rights, you can email us or write to us at the address below. Mention in your letter that you are making a "California Shine the Light" inquiry. We will respond within 30 days.When you place orders on our websites, all of your order information, including your credit card number and delivery address, is transmitted through the Internet using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology. SSL technology causes your browser to encrypt your order information before transmitting it to our secure server. SSL technology, an industry standard, is designed to prevent someone other than operators of our websites from capturing and viewing your personal information.

While we use industry standard means to protect our websites and your information, the Internet is not 100% secure. The measures we use are appropriate for the type of information we collect. We cannot promise that your use of our websites or mobile applications will be completely safe.  We encourage you to use caution when using the Internet. Online access to your personal information is protected with a password you select. We strongly recommend that you do not share your password.Our websites contain links to third party websites.   If you click on one of those links, you will be taken to websites we do not control. This Privacy and Security Statement does not apply to the information practices of those websites.  You should read the privacy policies of other websites carefully.  We are not responsible for third party websites.If you have additional questions you can call us at 1-800-553-3199, fax us at 1-877-496-9470, or reach us by email at thdCustomerCare@homedepot.com. You can write to us at:
The Home Depot
Attention: Privacy Official Customer Care
2455 Paces Ferry Road
Atlanta, GA 30339-4024Effective Date: January 1, 2004
Last Revision Date: March 20, 2013
From time to time we may change our privacy policies. We will notify you of any material changes to our Privacy and Security Statement by posting an updated copy on our website. Please check our website periodically for updates.

Tracking Tools We Use
We or our vendors use several common online tracking tools.  These may include browser and flash cookies. We may also use web beacons and similar technologies.  
We use these tools:
•  To track new visitors to our websites.
•  To recognize returning customers.
•  To store your password if you are registered on our website.
•  To provide you with advertising content in which we think you will be interested.  As part of this customization, we may observe your behaviors on this website or on other websites. We may also get information about your browsing history from our trusted business partners and vendors.
•  So we can better understand our audience, our customers, our website visitors, and their respective interests.

Controlling Our Tracking Tools
Your browser may give you the ability to control cookies.  How you do so depends on the type of cookie.  Certain browsers can be set to reject browser cookies.  To control flash cookies, click here. Why? Because flash cookies cannot be controlled through your browser settings.
If you configure your computer to block cookies, you will limit the functionality we can provide when you visit our websites.

Controlling Online Interest-Based Ads
We sometimes work with online advertising vendors to provide you with relevant and useful ads.  This may include ads served on our websites or mobile applications.  This may also include ads served on other companies' websites. These ads may be based on information collected by us or third parties.  For example, information a third party collects when you register for a website, like your zip code.  This might be used to target an ad for people in your area. These ads may also be based on your activities on our websites or on third party websites.

To opt out of having your online behavior collected for advertising purposes, click here.My Account registration is an optional service provided by our website. You do not have to register to browse or shop online. When you register, you are asked for personal information such as your name, address, phone number, email address, and a username and password that you select.  You may also optionally provide information regarding your interests and home improvement projects or register your credit cards. This information may be used to help make your online shopping quicker and easier, by pre-filling certain parts of your shopping information.Financial Times privacy policy
High quality global journalism requires investment. Please share this article with others using the link below, do not cut & paste the article. See our Ts&Cs and Copyright Policy for more detail. Email ftsales.support@ft.com to buy additional rights. http://help.ft.com/tools-services/financial-times-privacy-policy/#ixzz2oHSA2vdg

Financial Times privacy policy
Financial Times group takes the privacy of its users seriously. We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our users while providing a personalised and valuable service. This Privacy Policy statement explains the data processing practices of Financial Times businesses. If you have any requests concerning your personal information or any queries with regard to these practices please contact our Privacy Officer by e-mail at privacy.officer@ft.com.

Our sites contain links to third party sites which are not subject to this privacy policy. We recommend that you read the privacy policy of any such sites that you visit.Personal information is collected by the FT companies listed below on behalf of the Financial Times group of companies and its trading entities (including FDI Intelligence and Exec-Appointments). Each of these FT companies are registered with the UK's Information Commission as Data Controllers in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998. References in this privacy policy to “FT”, “we”, “us”, “our” or similar refer to the FT group company operating the relevant website and references to “FT sites” refer to any of our websites from which you have accessed this privacy policy.

Company:The Financial Times Ltd
Registered Office:Number One Southwark Bridge, London SE1 9HL
Registered Number:227590
Data Protection Registration Number:Z7087146
Company:FT Personal Finance Ltd
Registered Office:Number One Southwark Bridge, London SE1 9HL
Registered Number:3855520
Data Protection Registration Number:Z7670392
Company:The Financial Times (M-M UK) Limited, trading as Money-Media or Ignites Europe
Registered Office:Number One Southwark Bridge, London SE1 9HL
Registered Number:139844
Data Protection Registration Number:ZVK463



We collect personally identifiable information about you (your “Data”) through:
the use of enquiry and registration forms
your purchase of any our products or services
the provision of your details to us either online or offline.

The elements of your Data that we collect may include:
Name
Job title
Company name
Company address, phone and fax number
Home address and phone number
Mobile telephone number
E-mail address
Payment details such as credit card information
Date of birth
Educational history, work experience and other information from your CV if you provide this to us
Market research data such as readership patterns
Usage statistics

We may also collect information that we request from you regarding your use of our service or that we collect automatically about your visit to our sites. Please see our Cookies Policy for more details.We use your Data for purposes which may include:
providing our users with a personalised service
processing orders, registrations and enquiries
conducting market research surveys
allowing users to participate in interactive features of our service, where they choose to do so
providing reports to our Clients containing information about usage under corporate licenses
running competitions, prize draws and promotions
providing you with information about products and services we offer (if you agree to receive such information)
sharing your Data with third party organisations who offer products or services which we feel may be of interest to you (if you agree to receive such information)
contacting you about specific recruitment opportunities if you register search criteria information on our recruitment sites.
monitoring compliance with our Terms and Conditions and Copyright Policy

See our Cookies Policy for more details.

If you wish to receive information about FT group products or services or from other carefully selected organisations about products or services they offer, please indicate your preferences using the consent boxes when providing us with your Data.

We may also disclose your information to business partners and to third party suppliers we engage to provide services which involve processing data on our behalf, successors in title to our business or in accordance with a properly executed court order or as otherwise required to do so by law. We reserve the right to fully co-operate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requiring or requesting us to disclose the identity or other usage details of any user of our sites.

We also use information in aggregate form (so that no individual user is identified by name):

to build up marketing profiles
to aid strategic development
to manage our relationship with advertisers
to audit usage of the site.

We use technology on the registration, subscription and manage my account pages of some of our websites, which may record user movements, including page scrolling, mouse clicks and text entered. It will not record financial information such as credit or debit card details. The data we collect in this way helps us to identify usability issues, to improve the assistance and technical support we can provide to users and is also used for aggregated and statistical reporting purposes.Please refer to our Cookies Policy.Financial Times businesses have appropriate measures in place to ensure that our users' Data is protected against unauthorised access or use, alteration, unlawful or accidental destruction and accidental loss. User Data may be transferred outside the FT group to data processors such as fulfilment houses but they will act only on our instructions to provide the services required.The Internet is a global environment. Using the Internet to collect and process personal data necessarily involves the transmission of data on an international basis. Therefore, by browsing the FT sites and communicating electronically with us you acknowledge and agree to our processing of personal data in this way. By agreeing to our transfer of your Data to third party organisations for them to send you details of products and services offered (as detailed above) you are deemed to provide your consent to any transfer of your Data to organisations based outside the European Economic Area.If you wish to amend any of the Data which we hold about you, or update your marketing preferences, please contact help@ft.com visit the “Contact Us” section of our website (excluding Investors Chronicle, FDI Intelligence, FT Adviser, Exec-Appointments, MBA-Direct.com, Non-execs.com, Ignites Europe and Mandatewire.com websites).

Investors Chronicle
If you are a user of www.InvestorsChronicle.co.uk and you wish to amend any of the Data which we hold about you, or update your marketing preferences, please contact ic.cs@ft.com, visit manage account or phone +44(0)844 848 0106. Calls made to these numbers may be recorded for training and quality control purposes.

FDI Intelligence
If you are a user of FDI products and you wish to amend any of the Data that we hold about you, or update your marketing preferences, please contact fdiintelligence@ft.com, visit manage my account or ph +44 (0)20 7775 6896.

FT Adviser
If you are an FT Adviser user and you wish to amend any of the Data that we hold about you, or update your marketing preferences, please contact ftadviser.enquiries@ft.com, phone 0845 456 1516 or visit manage my account

Exec-Appointments, MBA-Direct.com and Non-execs.com

If you wish to amend any of the Data that we hold about you or update your marketing preferences, please sign into your account below and go to your personal profile or phone +44 (0) 207 873 4909.
exec-appointments.com account
mba-direct.com account
non-execs.com account

Ignites Europe
If you wish to amend any of the Data which we hold about you, or update your marketing preferences, please visit the “Preferences” or “Contact Us” section of our website or phone UK +44 (0) 20 7775 6668 or US +1 212 542 1245.
Calls made to these numbers may be recorded for training and quality control purposes.

Mandatewire
If you wish to amend any of the date which we hold about you, or update your marketing preferences, please contact contact.mandatewire@ft.com or phone (UK)+44 (0)20 7775 6080 or (NYC) +1212-542-1245

All users
In accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998, you may request a copy of the personal information we hold about you by contacting the Privacy Officer by e-mail at privacy.officer@ft.com or writing to:

Company Secretary The Financial Times Ltd Number One Southwark Bridge London SE1 9HL United Kingdom
We may charge the statutory allowable fee for provision of this information.We do not intentionally collect any information on children under 14 years of age. We will undertake to delete any details of such users where a parent or guardian has notified us that any such details have been obtained.This policy is effective from 22nd May 2012. From time to time we may make changes to this privacy policy statement to reflect any changes to our privacy practices in accordance with changes to legislation, best practice or website enhancements.enhancements.Amazon.co.jp Privacy Notice
Last Updated: October 12, 2012.

Amazon.co.jp knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting Amazon.co.jp, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.

Controllers of Personal Information
What personal information about customers does Amazon.co.jp gather and for what purpose is the information used?
What about cookies?
Does Amazon.co.jp share the information it receives?
How secure is information about me?
What about third-party advertisers and links to other websites?
Which information can I access?
What choices do I have?
Are children allowed to use Amazon.co.jp?
Does Amazon.com Participate in the Safe Harbor Program?
Conditions of Use, Notices and Revisions
Examples of Information CollectedAny personal information provided to or gathered by Amazon.co.jp is controlled primarily by Amazon.com Int'l Sales, Inc. of 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle, WA 98109-5210, U.S.A. and secondarily by Amazon Services International, Inc. of 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle, WA 98109-5210, U.S.A. and Amazon Japan K.K. of 1-8-1 Shimomeguro, Meguro-ku, Tokyo 153-0064, Japan.The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your shopping experience at Amazon.co.jp and provide customers with opportunities for services such as stores, platforms and search engines that Amazon.co.jp, Amazon.com, Inc. and/or their affiliates (together, "Amazon") offer via the Internet. We use the information to handle orders, deliver products and services, process payments, communicate with you about orders, products, services and promotional offers, respond to your requests, update our records and generally maintain your accounts with us, display content such as wish lists and customer reviews and recommend merchandise and services that might be of interest to you. We also use this information to improve our store and platform, to enable you to enjoy more variety of services provided via the Internet (such as search engine services), prevent or detect fraud, abuses of our website or any other illegal activities when using our services and enable third parties to carry out technical, logistical or other functions on our behalf.

Here are the types of information we gather:
Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our website or give us in any other way. Click here to see examples of what we collect. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features.
Automatic Information: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many websites, we use "cookies," and we obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses Amazon.co.jp or advertisements and other content served by or on behalf of Amazon.co.jp on other websites. See the Examples of Information Collected section further down the page for examples of the information we receive.
Mobile: When you download or use apps created by Amazon, we may receive information about your location and your mobile device, including a unique identifier for your device. We may use this information to provide you with location-based services, such as advertising, search results, and other personalized content. For more information about how to do this, click here.
E-mail Communications: To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting, we often receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from Amazon if your computer supports such capabilities. We also compare our customer list to lists received from other companies, in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary messages to our customers. If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please adjust your Amazon.co.jp Communications preferences.
Information from Other Sources: We might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information. Click here to see examples of the information we receive.Cookies are unique identifiers that we transfer to your device to enable our systems to recognize your device and to provide features such as 1-Click Purchasing, Recommended for You, personalized advertisements on other Web sites (e.g., Amazon Associates with content served by Amazon.co.jp), and storage of items in your Shopping Cart between visits.
The help feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as flash cookies, by changing the add-on's settings or visiting the website of its manufacturer. Because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of Amazon.co.jp's essential features, we recommend that you leave them enabled. For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Cart, proceed to checkout, or use any Amazon.co.jp's products and services that require you to sign in.Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others. We share (i.e. jointly use) customer information, for such purposes as aforementioned, with subsidiaries that Amazon.com, Inc., controls, including Amazon.com Int'l Sales, Inc., Amazon Services International, Inc., and Amazon Japan K.K., that either are subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice.

Affiliated Businesses We Do Not Control
We work closely with affiliated businesses. In some cases, such as Marketplace sellers, these businesses operate stores at Amazon.co.jp or sell offerings to you at Amazon.co.jp. In other cases, we operate stores, provide services, or sell product lines jointly with these businesses. Click here for some examples of co-branded and joint offerings. You can tell when a third party is involved in your transactions, and we share (i.e. jointly use) or transfer customer information related to those transactions with or to that third-party pursuant to the requirements of Japanese laws.
Third-Party Service Providers
We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
Promotional Offers
Sometimes, we send offers to selected groups of customers on behalf of other businesses. When we do this, we do not give that business your name and address. If you do not want to receive such offers, please adjust your Customer Communications Preferences.
Business Transfers
As we continue to develop our business, Amazon might sell or buy stores, subsidiaries, or business units. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that Amazon or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets.
Protection of Amazon and Others
We release account and other personal information subject to the requirements by applicable law when we determine release is appropriate to comply with the requirements of laws or public institutions; enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Amazon, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection, piracy protection and credit risk reduction. Obviously, however, this does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Notice.
With Your Consent:	Other than as set out above, you will receive a notice when information about you might go to third parties, in order to provide you an opportunity to choose not to have your information transferred.At Amazon.co.jp, we work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input.
Amazon.co.jp reveals only the last four digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer. Click here for more information on how to sign off.Our site includes third-party advertising and links to other websites. For more information about third-party advertising at Amazon.co.jp, including interest-based or personalized ads, please read our Interest Based Ads Policy.Amazon.co.jp gives you access to a broad range of information about your account and your interactions with Amazon.co.jp for the limited purpose of viewing and, in certain cases, updating that information. Click here to see some examples, the list of which will change as our website evolves.As discussed above, you can always choose not to provide information, even though it might be needed to make a purchase or to take advantage of such Amazon.co.jp features as Your "Profile ", "Wish Lists", "Customer Reviews ", and "Amazon Prime ".
You can add or update certain information on pages such as those referenced in the "What Information Can I Access?" section on this page. When you update information, we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records.
If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please adjust your Customer Communication Preferences. (If you do not want to receive Conditions of Use and other legal notices from us, such as this Privacy Notice, those notices will still govern your use of Amazon.co.jp, and it is your responsibility to review them for changes.)
If you do not want us to use personal information that we gather to allow third parties to personalize advertisements that we display to you, please adjust your "Advertising Preferences".
The help feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as flash cookies, by changing the add-on's settings or visiting the website of its manufacturer. Because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of Amazon.co.jp's essential features, we recommend that you leave them turned on. For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you may not be able to add items to your Shopping Cart, proceed to checkout, or use any Amazon.co.jp products and services that require you to sign in.If you are under 20 years old, you may use Amazon.co.jp only with authorization from a parent or legal guardian.Amazon.com is a participant in the Safe Harbor program developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and (1) the European Union and (2) Switzerland, respectively. We have certified that we adhere to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles agreed upon by the U.S. and (1) the E.U. and (2) Switzerland, respectively. For more information about the Safe Harbor and to view our certification, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce's Safe Harbor Web site.

If you would like to contact Amazon.com directly about the Safe Harbor program, please send an e-mail to safeharbor@amazon.comIf you choose to visit Amazon.co.jp, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of the laws of Japan. If you have any concern or request about privacy at Amazon.co.jp, please contact us with a thorough description to "Customer Service", and we will try to solve it.

Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice and the Conditions of Use will change also. Amazon.co.jp may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, unless you have instructed us not to, but you should check our website frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Amazon.co.jp Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.

You provide most such information when you search, buy, post, participate in a contest or questionnaire, or communicate with customer service. For example, you provide information when you search for a product; place an order through Amazon.co.jp or one of our third-party sellers; provide information in Your Account (and you might have more than one if you have used more than one e-mail address when shopping with us) or Your Profile; communicate with us by phone, e-mail, or otherwise; complete a questionnaire or a contest entry form; compile Wish Lists or other gift registries; participate in Discussion Boards or other community features; provide and rate Customer Reviews ; specify a Special Occasion Reminder and employ other Personal Notification Services, such as Available to Order Notifications.

As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as your name, address, phone number; credit card information; people to whom purchases have been shipped, including address and phone number; people (with addresses and phone numbers) listed in 1-Click settings; content of reviews and e-mails to us; personal description and photograph in Your Profile, and financial information.

Automatic Information
Examples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; login; e-mail address; password; computer and connection information such as browser type, version, as timezone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, and platform; purchase history, which we sometimes aggregate with similar information from other customers to create features such as "Top Sellers"; your user ID used to purchase digital contents; the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our website, including date and time; cookie number; products you viewed or searched for; and the phone number you used to call our customer service number. We may also use browser data such as cookies, flash cookies (also known as flash local shared objects), or similar data on certain parts of our website for fraud prevention and other purposes. During some visits we may use software tools such as JavaScript to measure and collect session information, including page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page. We may also collect technical information to help us identify your device for fraud prevention and diagnostic purposes.

Mobile
Most mobile devices provide users with the ability to disable location services. Most likely, these controls are located in the device's settings menu. For information about specific devices, click here. If you have questions about how to disable your device's location services, we recommend you contact your mobile service carrier or your device manufacturer.

Information from Other Sources
Examples of information we receive from other sources include updated delivery and address information from our carriers or other third parties, which we use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more easily; account information, purchase or redemption information, and page-view information from some merchants with which we operate co-branded businesses or for which we provide technical, fulfillment, advertising, or other services; search term and search result information from some searches conducted through the web-search features offered by our subsidiary, Alexa Internet; search results and links, including paid listings (such as Sponsored Links); and credit history information from credit bureaus, which we use to help prevent and detect fraud, and to offer certain credit or financial services to some customers.

Co-branded and Joint Offerings
We work with other businesses such as credit card companies to offer other payment options. In the future, we may offer joint or co-branded products and services such as those offered on Amazon.com's U.S. website for Starbucks, OfficeMax, American Apparel, Verizon Wireless, Sprint, T-Mobile, AT&T, J&R Electronics, PetSmart, PacSun, Eddie Bauer, and Northern Tool + Equipment.

Information You Can Access
Examples of information you can access easily on Amazon.co.jp include up-to-date information regarding recent orders, personally identifiable information (including name, e-mail, password, communications and personalized advertising preferences, address book, and 1-Click settings), payment settings (including credit card information, Cash on Delivery, Convenience store / ATM / Internet banking / e-Money payment and Amazon Points, promotional coupon and Amazon Gift Certificate balances), e-mail notification settings (including Alerts, Available to Order notifications, Delivers), recommendations (including recent product view history, prior order history), shopping lists and gift registries (including Wish Lists), and Marketplace seller accounts; and Your Profile (including your product Reviews, Requests, Recommendations, Listmania lists, Reminders and personal profile).Welcome! This privacy policy applies to customer information collected and used by Kohl's Corporation and its affiliates in Kohl's retail stores ("Stores") and on our "Site." For purposes of this privacy policy, "Site" means those websites linking to this Policy, including without limitation, Kohls.com, its related subdomains and microsites, Kohl's mobile applications and Kohls.com accessed through Kohl's kiosks and/or your mobile device. To view your separate Kohl's Credit Card Privacy Policy, please click here.

Please take a moment to read our Privacy Policy ("Policy") which explains what type of information is collected both in our Stores and through our Site, how that information is used, to whom it is disclosed, and how it is safeguarded. By using the Site and shopping in our Stores, you agree to the terms of this Policy and our use of your information as described in this Policy, and you expressly agree to comply with Kohl's Legal Notices.

(a) Information Collected When You Interact with Kohl's:
We collect information, including personal information, from you in a variety of ways when you interact with Kohl's, both in our Stores and through our Site. Examples of information we may collect include your name, home address, email address, telephone number, mobile phone number, precise location information, mobile device identification, Site traffic and navigational information, credit card number, purchase and order information, demographical information and event-related information for gift registries. Such information can be collected, for instance, when:

You follow the checkout process and make an online or in-store purchase, return or exchange;
You purchase an electronic gift card;
You create a personalized Kohls.com shopping account for your convenience;
You use our online order tracking;
You sign up to receive promotional emails or text messages (including offers and sales alerts);
You sign up to join a loyalty, rewards or similar program or club;
You provide your contact information and product preferences in consulting with our beauty associates;
You participate in one of our promotional sweepstakes, contests and/or surveys or focus groups;
You create or update a gift registry;
You use the Ratings & Reviews or related services and features;
You submit a request to our Customer Service team;
You sign up for, and/or maintain, a Kohl's Charge card;
You use and navigate Kohl's Sites, including features to find store locations;
You click on sponsored links or third-party advertisements;
You install, use, and navigate Kohl's mobile applications and/or mobile website;
You participate in the Kohl's Blog and/or use Kohl's pages on social media sites, such as Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Pinterest and Instagram ("Social Media Pages").
You use the Wi-Fi Services provided in some Stores.

(b) Information from Other Sources:
We may receive information about you from other sources and third parties. For instance, we obtain information from companies to enhance our existing customer information, such as improving the accuracy of the information we have about our customers.
We use the information we collect to carry out our core business functions, such as: (i) processing purchase, return or exchange transactions; (ii) providing the products or services you request; (iii) improving our Site and our Stores; (iv) marketing and promotional purposes; (v) communicating with you; and (vi) to enhance your overall Kohl's shopping experience across channels. In order to accomplish these objectives, we may also combine information about you that we collect in our Stores and through our Site, including your use of our mobile applications and Wi-Fi Services.
Internally: We may share your information within Kohl's Corporation, including with our affiliates
(b) Merger or Acquisition: In the event that Kohl's and/or its affiliates would merge with, acquire or be acquired by another business entity as well as (or portions through) an asset sale or is involved in a corporate reorganization or other change of control, some or all of the personal information collected about you could be shared, as well as retained by Kohl's.
(c) Service Providers: We provide your information to companies that provide support services to Kohl's, such as: printers, marketing providers, analytics companies, web hosting providers, contest and survey administrators, call center service providers, payment processors, fulfillment and logistics vendors and data verification providers. We may also share your personal information with third parties that provide financial products and services related to our business, such as Kohl's Charge. These companies need your personal information to perform their functions, to fulfill your requests and to make your shopping experience more satisfying.
(d) Elsewhere at your Direction: At your direction, we may share your information. For instance, if you participate in any Kohl's Gift Registry, you agree that your name(s), event date(s), state and complete Gift List will be viewable on the Site, our partnership Gift Registry websites and/or in Kohl's Stores to anyone who searches, finds and selects the registrants' names when using the Gift Registry feature. If Gift Registry participants do not want this information accessible on Kohls.com and/or our partnership Gift Registry websites, they may call Kohl's Customer Service toll free at (866) 887-8884 to request registry access be restricted to Kohl's Stores only.
(e) Legal or Safety Requirements: Kohl's may disclose specific information about you if necessary to do so by law or based upon our good faith belief that it is necessary to conform or comply with the law, to protect users of our Site or the Site itself, to protect the public or to otherwise protect and defend the rights and property of Kohl's.

The following applies to your use of Kohl's mobile website, mobile applications, and/or Kohl's Wi-Fi Services in our Stores:
(a) Mobile Coupons & Text Messages: Kohl's distributes mobile coupons and text messages to mobile devices of customers who have requested the coupons and consented to the text messages via an opt-in request. The opportunity to opt out of a specific text message marketing campaign will be made available with the messages we send. Refer to "Choices Regarding Your Information" section below for more options.
(b) Information Collected Automatically: Kohl's collects certain information automatically, such as the type of mobile device you use; device identifier; your mobile operating system; pages you visit on our mobile site; search terms; the type of mobile Internet browsers you use; and information about the way you use our mobile website and applications.
(c) Precise Location Information: If you elect to utilize the location-based features and functionalities made available by Kohl's through its mobile website or mobile applications, or simply by using Kohl's Wi-Fi Services in our Stores, Kohl's may collect mobile device identification and precise, real-time location-based information from technologies like Wi-Fi, or cell tower triangulation (or a combination of these technologies). If you do not want Kohl's to use location-based information, please refrain from using Kohl's Wi-Fi services or any location-based service offered through our mobile website or through a Kohl's mobile application or click "Don't Allow" when your mobile device requests your location-based information. Once you elect to allow location-based services through a Kohl's mobile application, you are agreeing that we can use your location data when you use location-based features like the store locator, and we can continue to collect your location information when you are at a Kohl's Store unless you turn off location-based services for the Kohl's mobile application. Refer to “Choices Regarding Your Information” section below for more options.
(d) Other Information: With respect to other information collected through our mobile website or Kohl's mobile applications, we may collect the same type of information as addressed in "Types of Information We Collect" and will use and share the collected information in the manner described in "How We Use Your Information" and "How We Share Your Information."

(a) General: A cookie is a small text file sent by a website that is stored on your hard drive by your computer's browser. At Kohls.com, we use two kinds of cookies: session cookies and persistent cookies. Session cookies exist only for as long as your browser remains open. We use session cookies, for example, to add items to your shopping bag. Persistent cookies last from visit to visit and do not go away when you exit your browser. We use persistent cookies to give you a more personalized shopping experience and to streamline your website navigation. For example, we use persistent cookies to show you items you have previously browsed on Kohls.com. Managing cookies varies from browser to browser, so please refer to your browser for further information. If you would like to disable cookies from Kohls.com, please use the help function in your web browser to restrict cookies from our Site. If you block cookies from Kohls.com, you may not be able to make purchases or use other interactive features of our Site.We also use pixel tags (sometimes called "web beacons" or "clear gifs"), which are tiny graphic images, on our websites and in our emails. Pixel tags help us analyze our customers' online behavior, collecting information about your visit, including pages you view, links you click, whether you open an email or if our banner ads on our Site or other websites are effective. The information collected may include your computer's Internet protocol (IP) address, your browser type, your operating system, date and time information, and other technical information about your computer. We may also track certain information about the identity of the website you visited immediately before and immediately after coming to our Site, including banner ads bringing you to or taking you from Kohls.com

Identifiers for Advertising ("IFA") or other device identifiers may be used when you use Kohl's mobile application or utilize Kohl's Wi-Fi Services in Stores, as described in the Mobile and Location-Based Services portion of this Policy.
Kohl's may also use service providers and/or third-party analytic companies acting on behalf of Kohl's to implement these cookies, pixel tags and similar technologies to help us track, collect and analyze this information to improve our Site.

(b) Technology Used to Serve Advertisements on Websites. Kohl's and our third-party vendors, such as Google, use first- and third-party cookies to inform, optimize and serve ads based upon a user's past visits to our Site, and to report upon how Kohl's ad impressions and other ad services are related to the Site. We may combine and associate the information we collect through these technologies with other information we have collected from and about you. This collective information may be used for interest-based advertising (also called "online behavioral advertising") in order to personalize your online experience, improve our website, and to tailor our marketing to you. To learn more about this process or to opt out of this type of advertising, click here.

(a) Personal Information Collected Directly by Kohl's: Kohl's may collect personal information from you through our Social Media Pages if you provide it. Examples of how personal information may be collected directly on Social Media Pages include your provision of information through (i) an application or form which links to this Policy, including Kohl's sweepstakes or contests appearing on our Social Media Pages; and/or (ii) you interact with a Kohl's representative concerning a customer service or other issue, question, or comment.

(b) Personal Information Collected by the Social Media Sites: This Policy does not cover the privacy and security practices of the social media sites on which Kohl's has Social Media Pages. Please review the privacy policies and terms of use on the Social Media Pages if you have any questions about their privacy or security practices.

The social media sites where Kohl's has its Social Media Pages may provide aggregate and customer information and analysis to Kohl's about visitors' use of our Social Media Pages and Kohl's advertising on these sites.

(a) Email: Each promotional email you receive from Kohl's will offer you the continuing opportunity to cancel or opt out of Kohl's email list. In addition, if you decide that you would rather not receive promotional emails from us in the future, you may unsubscribe at this address: http://www.kohls.com/homepage/sale_alert_unsub.jsp
(b) Mobile Coupons & Text Messages: If you have signed up for text messages and/or mobile coupons, but later decide you no longer wish to receive them, you can simply follow the opt-out instructions provided in each mobile message, or you can contact Kohl's Customer Service toll free at (866) 887-8884.
(c) Mobile Application and Location-Based Services: If you do not want Kohl's to use location-based information, please refrain from using a location-based service or functionality or click "Don't Allow" when your mobile device requests your location-based information. In addition, if you previously opted into Kohl's collection and use of location-based information through our mobile application, you may turn off location-based services for the Kohl's mobile application at any time through the Settings on your mobile device.
Additionally, you can stop collection of all location-based information by uninstalling the application and refraining from using Kohl's Wi-Fi Services available in some Stores. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
(d) Postal Mail: If you wish to be removed from the list of customers who receive direct mail through the post mail, please contact Kohl's Customer Service toll free at (866) 887-8884 or send your request to the following address (please be sure to include your full name and mailing address where you are receiving the direct mail that you wish to discontinue):
Kohl's Department Stores, Inc.
PO Box 3120
Milwaukee, WI 53201
(e) Interest-Based Advertising: For more information about opt-out programs that our third-party advertising vendors may participate in, and the effect of opting out, you can visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
(f) Cookies: Refer to the Help function of your browser to learn more about cookie settings and options.
(g) Other Website Analytics Services: To learn more about the analytic services provided to Kohl's by Omniture and Google, respectively, and/or to exercise your opt-out choices, please click on the following links:
- Omniture: http://www.adobe.com/privacy.html
- Google Analytics: http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html and https://www.google.com/settings/ads
(h) Update Your Information: If you have created a Kohls.com shopping account and/or a gift registry, you can update your information by signing back into your account or registry. If you have any other requests, please contact Kohl's Customer Service toll free at (866) 887-8884 or send your request to the following address:
Kohl's Department Stores, Inc.
PO Box 3043
Milwaukee, WI 53201

Under California law, California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal information we share with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. The notice will identify the categories of personal information shared with third parties, as well as the name and address of the third parties that receive such personal information. If you want a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to the following address:
Kohl's Department Stores, Inc.,
Attn. Kohls.com Team,
PO Box 3043
Milwaukee, WI 53201

California residents are also advised that Kohl's (and certain third parties authorized by Kohl's) does track users' behavior on our Site and across websites for the purpose of serving targeted ads, for instance, or as further described in the "How We Use Your Information" above. As noted, we use third-party advertising vendors that use first- and third-party cookies to gather information as customers interact with Kohl's Site and interact with other websites. Once gathered, this information helps us to serve ads on our website and other websites. For information about opt-out programs that our third-party advertising vendors may participate in, and the effect of opting out, you can visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/. You should be aware that our Site may not recognize Do Not Track header information from some or all browsers.

(a) Online Security: Kohls.com utilizes Secure Sockets Layering ("SSL") to encrypt the information you provide (including, but not limited to, name, address and credit card number) as it is transmitted across the Internet to Kohls.com. This means you should not be able to place an order through an unsecured connection.
Although we will take reasonable security precautions regarding your personal information collected from and stored on the Site, because of the open nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that any of your personal information stored on our servers or on those of our third parties, or transmitted to or from Kohls.com, will be free from unauthorized access or disclosure. Accordingly, and as set forth in our Legal Notices, we disclaim any liability for any unauthorized access to, disclosure or damage to, interception of, theft, or loss of any data communications and/or personal information. By using the Site, you acknowledge that you understand and agree to assume these risks.
Kohl's is also BBB Accredited for the Web. Click on the BBB Seal below to learn more about this certification.
ABOUT SSL CERTIFICATES  BBBOnLine Reliability Seal
(b) In-store Cameras: Kohl's uses in-store cameras, primarily for fraud detection and security, as well as for operational purposes, such as measuring traffic patterns. The Site, including its mobile applications and tools, is not marketed to, and does not knowingly collect or maintain personal information from, children under the age of 13.

Please review the My Kohl's Charge Online Privacy Policy available on the My Kohl's Charge website to learn how any information you provide to My Kohl's Charge is protected and used.

For your convenience, our Site may contain links to outside websites. Kohl's is not responsible for the web practices of those sites, and we expressly disclaim liability and responsibility for those links. Please view the respective privacy policies and terms of use provided on those sites if you have any questions about their web practices, which Kohl's has neither reviewed nor endorsed.

As we continue to offer new and different types of content and services, Kohl's may modify our collection and use practices covered by this Policy. Should there be a material change to our information practices, it will be applied only to information collected on a go-forward basis, and we will update this privacy policy statement as reflected by updating the date at the beginning of this Policy. For this reason, Kohl's encourages you to review this Policy statement each time you visit this Site.

If you have any questions, comments or concerns with respect to our privacy practices or this Policy, please feel free to contact us at customer.service@kohls.comPetfinder Privacy Policy
by Petfinder
Print
Petfinder Privacy Policy

WHAT THIS PRIVACY POLICY APPLIES TO
This privacy policy applies to the websites, mobile and social media applications controlled by Petfinder, a division of Nestlé Purina PetCare Company  (“Petfinder,” “we” or “us”) and  offline interactions with us where this privacy policy is posted or referenced (collectively, the “Sites”).  BY USING THE SITES OR PROVIDING INFORMATION TO US OFFLINE, YOU CONSENT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND TO OUR PROCESSING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSES STATED BELOW. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SITES OR PROVIDE US WITH YOUR INFORMATION OFFLINE.We collect two types of information from visitors to the Sites: (1) Personally Identifiable Information; and (2) Non-Personally Identifiable Information, such as your IP address or cookies.

(1) Personally Identifiable Information
“Personally Identifiable Information” is information that identifies you personally, such as your name, address, telephone number, email address, or company name. Petfinder collects and stores the personally identifiable information that you have provided to us. Here are some examples of manners in which we may collect your personally identifiable information on the Sites:
We may collect your email address, first and last name and zip code if you sign up for an online newsletter;
We may collect your email address if you contact us with a question;
We may collect your first and last name, date of birth and email address if you choose to participate in a contest or sweepstakes;
We may collect your first and last name, your address, and your credit card and billing information if you make a purchase of a product from us; and
We may collect your email address, first and last name, address, phone number, and your household information if you apply to adopt a pet via our site.
The above list provides an example of the personally identifiable information that may be collected on the Sites. If you do not want Petfinder to collect your personally identifiable information, please do not provide it to us.



(2) Non-Personally Identifiable Information
“Non-Personally Identifiable Information” can be technical information or it can be demographic information, such as your age, gender or interests. Non-personally identifiable information does NOT identify you personally. Here are some examples of the non-personally identifiable information that is collected via the Sites and a description of how this information is used:
Internet Protocol (IP) address — Your IP address is a number that lets computers attached to the Internet know where to send you data — such as the webpages you view. We use this information to deliver our webpages to you upon request, to tailor our Sites to the interests of our users and to measure traffic within our Sites.
Cookie — A “cookie” is a small text file that may be used to collect information about your activity on the Sites. For example, when someone visits a page within the Sites, a cookie is placed on the user's machine (if the user accepts cookies) or is read if the user has visited the Sites previously. You may set most browsers to notify you if you receive a cookie, or you may choose to block cookies with your browser, but if you do, you may not be able to take advantage of the personalized features enjoyed by other users to our Sites. Some of the cookies we use may be flash cookies or Adobe cookies. While they are harmless, they may contain Demographic Information (defined below) and depending on your browser these cookies may not normally be deleted when your cookies are deleted. Please check your browser to determine where these types of cookies are stored and how they may be deleted.
Web Beacons (also known as “clear gifs,” “web bugs” or “pixel tags”) — “Web Beacons” are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to allow us to count users who have visited certain pages of the Sites and to help determine the effectiveness of promotional or advertising campaigns. When used in HTML-formatted email messages, web beacons can tell the sender whether and when the email has been opened. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user's computer hard drive, web beacons are embedded invisibly on web pages.
Demographic Information — “Demographic Information” may be your gender, age, zip code and interests, which you voluntarily provide to us on the Sites. We use this information to provide you with personalized services and to analyze trends to ensure the information provided by the Sites meets your needs. Please note that we also consider aggregated information, which is not personally identifiable, to be non-personally identifiable information. The above list provides an example of the non-personally identifiable information that is collected via the Sites.
You can control cookies and tracking tools. Your browser may give you the ability to control cookies. How you do so depends on the type of cookie. Certain browsers can be set to reject browser cookies. To control flash cookies, which we may use on certain websites from time to time, you can go here. Why? Because flash cookies cannot be controlled through your browser settings. If you block cookies on your browser, certain features on our sites may not work.

You can control tools on your mobile devices. For example, you can turn off the GPS locator or push notifications on your phone for some of our mobile apps that might have such notifications.

We collect the above non-personally identifiable information from all visitors to our Sites. If you do not want Petfinder to have access to this information, please do not visit our Sites.(1) Personally Identifiable Information.  We use your personally identifiable information that is collected on these Sites primarily for the following purposes:
To deliver services, such as adoption applications, educational programs, information, newsletters or software you request or purchase;
To alert you to special offers, updated information and other new services from Petfinder, or other third parties, or to forward promotional materials;
To complete a transaction or service requested by you;
To fulfill the terms of a promotion;
To ensure the Sites are relevant to your needs;
To help us create and publish content most relevant to you;
To notify you about a material change to this privacy policy, if necessary;
To allow you access to limited-entry areas of the Sites; and
To contact you in response to sign up forms such as Contact Us or Order Inquiry.


(2) Non-Personally Identifiable Information
Non-personally identifiable information is used as described above and in other ways as permitted by applicable laws.(1) Personally Identifiable Information
We may share or disclose your personally identifiable information in the following instances:
(i) To fulfill a service to you. For example, if you choose to watch an educational program on the Sites, we may share your personally identifiable information in order to provide the program to you. In addition, if you email us a question, we may use your email address to process your request and respond to your question. Also, if you are entering a sweepstakes or contest, we may use your personally identifiable information in order to fulfill the terms of that promotion. This means that we may share the information for prize fulfillment purposes or mail carriers. We also may share your information with the co-sponsor of that promotion.
(ii) To subsidiaries, affiliates, strategic partners, agents, third party marketers or other unaffiliated parties who are offering products or services that we believe may be of interest to you or who require your personally identifiable information for research, administrative and/or internal business purposes. These parties may use your personally identifiable information to contact you with an offer or advertisement related to a product or service, or they may use such information for their own research, administration or business purposes. If you do not want us to share your personally identifiable information in this manner, please do not provide us with this information.
(iii) To unaffiliated third-party service providers, agents or independent contractors who help us maintain our Sites and provide other administrative services to us (including, but not limited to, order processing and fulfillment, providing customer service, maintaining and analyzing data, sending customer communications on Petfinder's behalf, and entry collection, winner selection and prize fulfillment for contests, sweepstakes and other promotions). We seek to ensure that these unaffiliated third parties will not use the personally identifiable information for any other purpose than to provide the administrative services for which they are responsible. Because such unaffiliated third-party service providers that help us administer our Sites will have access to users' personally identifiable information, if you do not wish for our unaffiliated third-party service providers to have access to your information, please do not register or submit any personally identifiable information to us.
(iv) To complete your purchase. If you choose to make a purchase on the Sites, we may collect from you your credit card number, billing address and other information related to such purchase, and we may use such collected information in order to fulfill your purchase. We may also provide such information, or other personally identifiable information provided by you, to unaffiliated third parties as necessary to complete your purchase (for example, to process your credit card).
(v) To comply with the law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the requirements of law or comply with legal process served on us, protect and defend our rights or property, including the rights and property of Petfinder and its family of Sites or act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of our end users.
(vi) To third parties as part of any corporate reorganization process including, but not limited to, mergers, acquisitions, and sales of all or substantially all of our assets.
(vii) To track and analyze non-identifying and aggregate usage and volume statistical information from our visitors and customers and provide such information to third parties.
(viii) To protect against potential fraud, we may verify with third parties the information collected from these Sites. In the course of such verification, we may receive personally identifiable information about you from such services. In particular, if you use a credit card or debit card to purchase services with us, we may use card authorization and fraud screening services to verify that your card information and address matches the information that you supplied to us, and that the card has not been reported as lost or stolen.

(2) Non-Personally Identifiable Information
We use non-personally identifiable information collected on the Sites in the manner disclosed above, in the Section A (2). We may share this non-personal information with third parties.If you choose to provide us with personally identifiable information, Petfinder may transfer that information to its affiliates and subsidiaries or to other third parties, across borders, and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. If you are visiting from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that you are transferring your personally identifiable information to the United States which does not have the same data protection laws as the EU and by providing your personally identifiable information you consent to:
the use of your personally identifiable information for the uses identified above in accordance with this privacy policy; and
the transfer of your personally identifiable information to the United States as indicated above.If you have provided us with personal information offline ( such as at a pet adoption event, or entry into an in-person sweepstakes, for example) and  this privacy policy is referenced at the information collection point, we will use your personal information in the same manner and for the same purposes set forth herein  as if you supplied it online.We provide you the opportunity to exercise an opt-out choice if you do not want to receive promotional  communications  from us, such as emails or updates from us regarding new services and products offered on this Site or if you do not want us to share your personally identifiable information with third parties.
To stop receiving our promotional emails, follow the instructions in any promotional message you get from us or contact our Office of Consumer Affairs. Even if you opt out of getting marketing messages, we will still send you transactional messages. These include responses to your questions or information about your account or purchases.  If you would prefer that we do not share your information with third parties, please contact our Office of Consumer Affairs.

You can edit information we maintain. To update or correct information we have about you, please contact our Office of Consumer Affairs. Some of our sites may also let you modify your account profile.Please note that any information you include in a message you post to any chat room, forum or other public posting area is available to anyone with Internet access. If you don't want people to know your e-mail address, for example, don't include it in any message you post publicly. PLEASE BE EXTREMELY CAREFUL WHEN DISCLOSING ANY INFORMATION IN CHAT ROOMS, FORUMS AND OTHER PUBLIC POSTING AREAS. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE USE BY OTHERS OF THE INFORMATION THAT YOU DISCLOSE IN CHAT ROOMS, FORUMS AND OTHER PUBLIC POSTING AREAS.This statement applies solely to information collected on the Sites. The Sites may contain links to other web sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these other web sites.We may use advertisers, third party ad networks, and other advertising companies, to serve advertisements on the Sites. Please be advised that such advertising companies may gather information about your visit to the Sites or other sites (such as through cookies, web beacons and other technologies) to enable such advertising companies to market products or services to you, to monitor which ads have been served to your browser and which webpages you were viewing when such ads were delivered. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices please click here. PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS POLICY DOES NOT COVER THE COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION BY SUCH ADVERTISING COMPANIES.In the event that all or part of our assets or sold or acquired by another party, or in the event of a merger, you grant us the right to assign the personally identifiable and non-personally identifiable information collected via the Sites.We reserve the right to change this privacy policy from time to time. When we do, we will also revise the “last update” date at the bottom of this privacy policy. For changes to this privacy policy that may be materially less restrictive on our use or disclosure of personal information you have provided to us, we will attempt to obtain your consent before implementing the change by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account or by placing a prominent notice on the Sites.

We will also notify parents if we change the kinds of information that we collect from kids and materially alter our practices of sharing and using this information. We will not collect, use or share the information without parental consent.No data transmissions over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Consequently, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you understand that any information that you transfer to Petfinder is done at your own risk. We make reasonable efforts to ensure security on our systemsSome parts of the Sites will have an age-screening mechanism to prevent kids from registering. We won't knowingly allow anyone under the age of thirteen to register with any of our Sites, or to access those features that require registration. If you are a parent or legal guardian and think your child has given us information, you can email us or write to us at the address listed below. Please mark your inquiries “COPPA Information Request”.

If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personally identifiable information from a user under the age of thirteen, we will delete the information from our records as soon as we discover it.If you have any questions about this policy, please contact us at privacyquestions@petfinder.com.. You can also write to us at: Nestle Purina PetCare Company, Attn: Petfinder Privacy Question- Legal Department, Checkerboard Square, St. Louis 63164.  All information you provide in any written communication will also be covered by this policy.

To contact our Office of Consumer Affairs, please email us at Office of Consumer Affairs or write to us at:
Nestlé Purina PetCare Company
Office of Consumer Affairs
Checkerboard Square
St. Louis, MO 63164
If you are a California resident, you may have the right to request and receive certain information about our disclosure of your personal information to third parties for their own marketing use, and your choices with respect to such disclosures. Because we do not share your personal information with third parties for their own marketing use unless you are first given the opportunity to opt-in or out, we are exempt from having to meet this requirement. If you still wish to learn more about our compliance with this requirement, you may contact our Office of Consumer Affairs.

This Privacy Policy ("Policy") explains how Hasbro, Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliated companies that operate within the United States ("Hasbro") collect, use and disclose your personal information. This Policy applies to information we collect when you use our websites, mobile applications and other online products and services where this Policy is posted (collectively, the "Services").

Hasbro has been awarded TRUSTe's Web Privacy and Children's Privacy Seal signifying that this Privacy Policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe's program requirements including transparency, accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information. TRUSTe's certification covers all Hasbro websites that link to this privacy policy. At this time, the TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through our mobile websites, but does cover information collected through our mobile applications listed here. TRUSTe's mission, as an independent third party, is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions. If you have questions or complaints regarding our Policy or privacy practices, please contact us at hasbroregistration@hasbro.com. If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here.

If you are a parent or guardian and are interested in knowing more about Hasbro's policy regarding the collection of information from children, we recommend reviewing the Note To Parents below.

We may change the provisions of this Policy at any time and will indicate when changes have been made by revising the date at the top of this Policy. Your use of the Services, or any portion thereof, following the posting of such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes. We encourage you to review the Policy whenever you access the Services to make sure that you understand our information collection, use and disclosure practices. If we make material changes to this policy, we will provide you with additional notice of such changes and request your affirmative consent before using or sharing previously collected information in a materially different way. If we make material changes to how we use personal information collected from children under 13, we will notify parents by e-mail in order to obtain verifiable consent for the new uses of the child's personal information.Information That You Provide

Hasbro may collect information that you provide when you use the Services, such as when you: (1) create an account; (2) make a purchase; (3) participate in contests, events or promotions; (4) send questions or comments via e-mail or live chat to Hasbro customer support; (5) submit your resume to us online; (6) fill out online surveys; or (7) otherwise communicate with us through the Services (8) to obtain parental consent. The types of personal information that you provide may include your name, e-mail address, parent's email address, telephone number, postal address, credit card information, birth date and other contact or identifying information that you choose to provide. We may also collect your gender, toy and game ownership and preferences when you provide this information at the same time as your name or other contact or identifying information, or we may combine these data points with your personal information in the future. If you are under the age of 13, only your parent or guardian can provide any personal information to us for purposes of registration and other online activities. See Note To Parents below for more information.

Information We Collect Automatically From You

When you access or use our Services, we may also automatically collect information about you. For example, when you visit our websites, we collect information about your computer's operating system, Internet Protocol ("IP") address, access times, browser type and language and the URL of the website you visited before navigating to our Services. If you access our Services via a mobile device, we may also collect your, first name or username (depending on which you would like to use), device make and model, mobile carrier, mobile web browser type and version, the country in which you are using your device, and analytics used to collect aggregate data on app usage, downloads, number of users, sessions, frequency of use, retention, territories, and in-game events.

We do not ask you for, access, or track any location based information, other than the country information, from your mobile device at any time while downloading or using our Mobile Apps or services.

To collect this information, we use the technologies identified below:
Cookies:Cookies are small data files stored on your computer or mobile device by a website. Among other things, cookies help us improve our Services and your experience, see which areas and features of our Services are popular and count visits. In addition, when you view a video on our Services, we may set a "flash cookie" (sometimes called a "flash object") on your computer or device. For more information about cookies, and how to disable them, please see "What are my information choices" below.
Clear GIFs:Clear GIFs, sometimes called "web bugs" or "web beacons," are small electronic images that are placed on a web page or in an e-mail message. We use clear GIFs to monitor user behavior, deliver cookies, collect information, count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness and to tell if a recipient has opened and acted upon an email.
Log Files:Log files record website activity on our Services and enable us to gather statistics about our users' browsing habits. These entries help Hasbro determine (among other things) how many and how often users have accessed or used our Services, which pages of our Services they've visited, and other similar data.

We may associate the information we collect from these technologies with other personal information that you provide for the purposes described in this Policy.We may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through our Services. For example, if you create or log into your account through a third-party social networking site, we will have access to certain information from that site, such as your name, account info and friends, in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by such third-party social networking site.

For a list of third party partners we have integrated on our site please click HERE. If you have any inquiries regarding our partner's privacy practices or how they use your child's personal information, please contact us directly at hasbroregistration@hasbro.com.We use analytics services and software provided by third parties to help us understand how users access and use the Services. These tools and services place cookies, web beacons and other devices or technologies on our Services to enable them to track traffic data. The data collected typically includes information such as your IP address, your Internet Service Provider, your web browser, the time spent on webpages, the links clicked and the advertisements viewed on those pages. We use this information to improve our Services and your experience, to see which areas and features of our Services are popular and to count visits.We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our Mobile Software on your phone. This software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personally identifiable information you submit within the mobile app.We allow third parties to serve ads on our Services and we engage third parties to place ads for our products and services on other websites. These third parties place cookies, web beacons and other devices or technologies within the ads. When you click or scroll over any of these ads, these third parties collect information about your use of the Services and other third party websites. The data collected typically includes information such as your IP address, your web browser, web pages viewed, time spent on pages, links clicked and whether you purchased an advertised product. These third parties use this information to deliver advertising and/or content targeted to your interests. For more information about targeted advertising in connection with these third parties, and how to opt out of having your information used in this way, please visit: www.aboutads.info/choices or www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.Use of Information

We use personal information collected through our Services for purposes described in this Policy or otherwise disclosed to you on or in connection with our Services. For example, we may use your information to:
Send you advertising or promotional materials, including information about new products, contests, features and enhancements, special offers and other events of interest from Hasbro and our select partners;
Operate and improve our Services;
Provide and deliver the products and services you request, process transactions, and to send you related information, including confirmations and invoices;
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages;
Respond to your comments, questions and requests and provide customer service;
Monitor and evaluate trends, usage and activities in connection with our Services;
Personalize and improve the Services and provide ads, content, communications or features that match user profiles or interests;
Link or combine with other information we get from third parties to help understand your needs and provide you with better service;
Monitor performance of the app, track how users are engaging in the game, identify which app features are least and most utilized, to identify problem areas within the app, and to inform design development for future app updates; and
Obtain consent from parents in order to allow children to upload videos and voice recordings to YouTube or share through SMS messaging.
Hasbro may store and process personal information in the United States and other countries.

Sharing of Information
We do not share your personal information with third parties other than as described in this Policy or in connection with the Services, including:
With your consent, including if we notify you through our Services that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information;
With third party vendors, consultants and other service providers who are working on our behalf and need access to your information to carry out their work for us. These entities have agreed to maintain the confidentiality, security, and integrity of the personal information they obtain from us, and, unless we notify you otherwise and provide you with an opportunity to opt-out, will not use your personal information for any purpose other than as described in this Policy.
When we believe it is necessary or appropriate to (i) comply with applicable law or legal process or to respond to lawful requests or legal authorities; (ii) protect the rights and property of Hasbro and our employees, agents, users and other third parties, including to enforce our agreements, policies and Terms and Conditions of Use and protect against fraudulent, abusive, inappropriate, or unlawful use of our Services; and (iii) protect the safety of Hasbro our users or any third party; and
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, bankruptcy or reorganization, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.

We may also share aggregated information or information that we have collected from you while on our website including on co-branded pages and where we have taken reasonable measures to de-identify.

Social Sharing Features
The Services may offer social sharing features and other integrated tools (such as the Facebook "Like" button or widgets), which let you share actions you take on our Services with other media, and vice versa. The use of such features may enable the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the third party that provides these features. These features may also collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Services and may set a cookie to enable the features to function properly. For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the third parties that provide these features.

Linking to Third Party Sites
To provide relevant information not found on our Services, to facilitate online shopping, and to allow you to interact with other websites and/or applications in which you may have accounts (such as Facebook and other social media sites), Hasbro may provide links or embed third-party applications that allow login from our Services to third party websites. Hasbro will notify users when they are leaving the Services or otherwise indicate that you will be going to a third-party's site. Your use of these third party websites and/or applications is subject to the third parties' privacy policies, and we encourage you to read the third parties' privacy policies before submitting personal or other information or using the websites and/or applications.Regarding Personal Information
If you have registered with our Services, you may at any time review and/or update the contact information we have for you or inform us that you want us to remove your information from our database by either visiting the online profile section of one of our Services or contacting us at hasbroregistration@hasbro.com. If you choose to send us an e-mail, please be sure to include in your message, the name of the website or mobile application at which you registered and the e-mail address you used to register so that we can verify your request. We will respond to all access requests within 30 days.

Regarding Cookies
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. Removing or rejecting browser cookies does not necessarily affect third party flash cookies used in connection with our Services. For more information about how to delete or disable flash cookies please visit www.adobe.com/products/flashplayer/security. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our Services.

Regarding Promotional Communications
You may opt out of receiving promotional emails, text messages or mail from Hasbro by declining to receive such communications at the time of registration or at the time you otherwise provide the information to us. You may also opt-out of receiving promotional emails or text messages by following the instructions in those emails or text messages or by sending an e-mail to hasbroregistration@hasbro.com.

If you opt out, we may still send you transactional or relationship messages, such as emails about your account or our ongoing business relations.

Safeguarding your personal information
Hasbro has established policies to protect your personal information in an effort to prevent loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. For example, Hasbro has established policies to provide you with a reasonably secureconnection when you create an account or enter payment information (encrypted) for the purchase of a product.

Hasbro retains your information for business purposes, for as long as your account is active and/or as long as is reasonably necessary to provide you with our products and services. We will also retain your information as reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements. We may also retain cached or archived copies of your information for a reasonable period of time.If you have questions or concerns regarding this Policy, you should first contact Hasbro, using the following contact information:
Hasbro, Inc.
Attention: Website Administrator
1027 Newport Avenue, Mailstop A906
Pawtucket, RI 02861
(800) 255-5516
hasbroregistration@hasbro.com

For additional information about our Services, please see our Terms and Conditions of Use.Hasbro has developed its Services to be an enjoyable experience for children (and adults) of all ages. The purpose of this Policy is to help you understand some of the information contained on the Services and how the Services operate. Please discuss this Policy with your children so that they will better understand how to use the Services and the information they may be asked to provide. Hasbro believes that providing its visitors with accurate and adequate notice about the Services will inform choices and decisions about how to use the Services, and will better protect its users' privacy. If you have any questions or comments about our Policy, please contact us using the contact information provided below. For any other issue, please contact Customer Service.Collection and Use of Children's Personal Information

Hasbro may collect and store personal information about children under 13 years of age ("children" or "child") if this information is submitted by the parent or guardian in connection with any of our website registrations. To determine who is younger than 13 years old and whether parental consent is required, we ask all prospective registrants to submit their date of birth. Those users that indicate they are less than 13 years of age are taken through a parental consent process. When provided by the parent or guardian, Hasbro may collect and store the following types of personal information about a child under 13: name, email address, parent's or guardian's name, and parent's or guardian's email address. Hasbro may also collect the child's mailing address when necessary to fulfill a transaction, such as sending the winner of a contest or sweepstakes the awarded prize. Hasbro may also collect demographic information about a child such as the child's date of birth, gender, and other preferences; and, combine such information with the child's personal information. Hasbro will only collect this information if it believes that it is voluntarily submitted to us by the child's parent or guardian. For information on how we use cookies and other information collection tools, please see our section on (above).

Once collected, a child's registration information may be used to: (a) fulfill a transaction, such as ship products that have been purchased or send the winner of a contest or sweepstakes the awarded prize, or (b) send the child requested promotional materials, including information about new products, contests, features and enhancements, special offers, and other events of interest (e.g., Birthday Club e-mails). We may also use the information for our internal marketing and demographic studies, so that we can improve the products and services we provide our visitors and to better meet their needs.

Please note that we are prohibited from conditioning a child's participation in an activity - like contests - on the child's disclosure of more personal information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the activity. This means that if we don't need a specific piece of information (like the child's phone number) to allow the child to participate in a contest, we simply won't ask for it. To read about the steps Hasbro takes to protect the confidentiality, security, and integrity of children's personal information, please see our section on "Safeguarding your personal information" (above).Any registration information that a child provides to our Services is collected by Hasbro. Hasbro's contact information is as follows:
Hasbro, Inc.
Attention: Website Administrator
1027 Newport Avenue, Mailstop A906
Pawtucket, RI 02861
(800) 255-5516
hasbroregistration@hasbro.comWe follow our standard policy ("With whom does Hasbro share my personal information" (above)) for the disclosure of personal information collected from and about children under 13.

Parental Access
A parent who has already given Hasbro permission to collect and use his or her child's personal information can, at any time, do the following: (1) review, correct, or have deleted the child's personal information; and/or, (2) discontinue further collection or use of the child's personal information. To do so, please refer to the confirmation email provided to you when you gave consent or contact us at hasbroregistration@hasbro.com and be sure to include your child's name and email address, your name and email address, and the name of the site at which your child is registered. To make changes to your child's demographic information, you may also visit the online profile section of one of our Services. We will be happy to honor your request. Back to start of Hasbro Privacy Policy.
If you no longer with to allow your child to upload videos to Youtube or share the videos or voice recordings they are able to make within the application, please delete the application from the device and do not allow your child to use it any longer.NBC News, a division of NBCUniversal Media, LLC, a company incorporated under Delaware law, with its registered address at 30 Rockefeller Plaza, New York, New York 10112, is responsible for this Website and its contents.

Related
NBCUniversal's Privacy Principles
NBCU respects your concerns about privacy and values the relationship we have with you.
This Privacy Policy describes
the types of personal information we collect on this Website. (The term “personal information” means information about you.)
how we may use that personal information and with whom we may share it
the measures we take to protect the security of your personal information
your rights and how you can contact us
Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to information you provide to us offline.
Please review this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use for this Website carefully. Your use of this Website signifies your agreement to this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use.Advertise


We may collect information when you interact with the Website, for example when you subscribe to newsletters, register for chat rooms, participate in competitions or games, purchase merchandise etc.
See below for more details about what type of information we may collect from you during those interactions.
1.1 Personal Information You Provide To Us
You may choose to provide personal information (such as your name, address, telephone number or email address) through the Website. If you choose not to provide us with your personal information, you may not be able to access some of the services offered on the Website (e.g. subscribe to newsletters, enter competitions, and purchase products).
Our goal is to collect and use only that information that we think is required for our legitimate business interests, in order to better understand your interests and improve your experience of using this Website. In order to do so, we may collect and use your personal information as follows.In general, we collect, store and use your information to provide you with a safe, smooth, efficient and customized experience on the Website. However, sometimes we need to collect and use your personal information to enable us to:
to provide technical support;
to prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities (including copyright infringement); or
enforce our terms of service.If you communicate with us through the “Contact Us” link on the Website, we may ask you for your contact details, such as your name, email address and telephone number so we can respond to your questions and comments. You may also choose to provide additional information as well.On the Website, you may sign up to receive newsletters and other communications about our services and promotions. To sign up, we may ask you for your contact details (such as your name and email address). This information is used by us to send you the communications you request
Advertise


Details of how you can opt-out of receiving any communications from us are detailed in the section headed “Your Rights” below.From time to time we may offer products or services for purchase through the Website. When you choose to purchase merchandise or subscribe for such services, we may ask you to provide your name, email address, postal address and telephone number. This information is collected for the purpose of providing you with the products/services you choose to purchase and/or subscribe for. We may also ask you to provide your credit/debit card details for this purchase, or we may direct you to a third party payment processing service (such as PayPal) to make payment. If we direct you to a third party payment process service we will advise you of this during the payment process, please be aware that we are not liable or responsible for such service and that your use of that service might be subject to terms and conditions imposed by the service provider.If you are a member of the media, you may join the “Media” section of the Website to access additional information. To sign up, we may ask you for your personal information such as your name, email address, telephone number, and company name and job title. We use this information to allow you to access additional information on the Website and to provide you with information that you may request.We may occasionally conduct contests, sweepstakes and other promotions. If you choose to enter, we may ask you for your contact details such as your name, email address, postal address and telephone number for the purpose of conducting these promotions.When you play one of our games, we may collect and store certain profile information that you provide directly or through a third party that is offering our game(s). To provide a richer game and social experience, we also collect information about your play and interaction with other players and the Service. The bulk of this information is collected and stored through the use of web logs, which are files on our web servers that record actions taken on our games and the Website. In general, we collect, store and use your information to provide you with a safe, smooth, efficient and customized experience in the following ways:
to register your account and allow you to play our games
to customise your gaming experience
to administer games and improve game play
to identify and suggest connections with other Website users
to enable user-to-user communications
to provide technical support and respond to user enquiries
to prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities and enforce our terms of service
to notify users of in-game updates
to provide in-game leader boards
to communicate about our / third parties? new and current games/products/services (including promotional offers)
to solicit input and feedback to improve our products and services
to resolve disputes, collect fees and troubleshoot problems
Please be aware that our games are governed by additional terms of use posted on the site they are accessed from, and may also be governed by the terms of use, privacy policies and other guidelines of third parties (in the case of our games that are available on third party platforms such as Facebook).Advertise


Personal information posted to message boards, chat rooms, blogs and other user forums becomes public information. Please use caution when using these features of our Website. Please see our Terms of Use for the standards of behaviour that must be followed when using these sections of the Website.
You may be able to take part in certain activities on the Website or games that give you the opportunity to communicate or share information not just with us, but also with other users of this Website. These include:
participating in player forums and message boards
posting public comments to other users? profiles or game boards
sending private messages or invitations to other users, either directly on the Website or to their email accounts
chat with other users
post photos
The contents of any such private online communications may be accessed and disclosed (i) in response to a legal requirement such as a court order; (ii) when we are required to disclose the information in response to such a legal requirement; (iii) where we have a good faith belief that the Website is being used in the commission of a crime; (iv) where we have a good faith belief that there is an emergency which poses a threat to the safety of you or another person; and (v) when necessary either to protect our rights (including to enforce our terms of service) or for us to provide the service you have requested.Information collected when you register for or use our wireless applications and services via your phone or other mobile device or when such applications interact with this Website, for example, our smartphone applications.We offer Website visitors various features for their enjoyment, which we may change from time to time. We may ask you to submit certain personal information so we can provide you with these features where this is the case we will provide more detailed information about what information you need to provide and will explain how we will use it.We encourage parents and guardians to spend time with their children online and to be fully familiar with the sites visited by their children. At various places on the Website or when providing other services, we may ask users for their age. By using the Website or our services you agree to respond truthfully and accurately about your age. We do not knowingly collect or store any personal information from children under the age of 13.
If you are between the ages of 13 and 18, please be sure to read this Privacy Policy with your parent and obtain his or her permission before you submit or post any Personal Information, and before you use any features of this Website.Advertise


It is important that you protect and maintain the security of your account and that you notify us immediately of any unauthorised use of your account. Do not disclose your password to anyone else.Social media plug-ins of social networks such as Facebook, Twitter and Google plus (among others) are integrated on our Website. Where our sites contain a plug-in to a social network, these are clearly marked (e.g. with a Facebook button). If you chose to click on one of these buttons or links, your browser connects directly to the servers of the relevant social network. The social network directly transmits the content of the plugin to your browser. If you are registered on the relevant social network and logged into your respective account the social network receives the information that the web page was used by you. If you interact with a social network plug-in (e.g. you press the Facebook “Like” –feature, the Twitter “Tweet this” feature and Google plus “1+” button or equivalent) or drop a comment on the appropriate web page, the corresponding information is directly transmitted to the relevant social network from your browser. If you are not registered with the social network or you are logged out before you visit our Website, there is the possibility that at least your IP address will be submitted to and stored by the social network. If you interact with us through a social media platform, plug-in etc. then you may be permitting us to have on-going access to some limited information from your social network profile (such as name, email address, photo, gender, location, the people/sites you follow etc.).
If you don't want the social network to collect the information about you described above, or to share it with us and other third parties, please review the privacy policy of the relevant social network and/or log out of the relevant social network before you visit our Website. As with other sites, you may be able delete any existing cookies placed on your computer by the social network via your browser.
1.2 Information We Collect Automatically
Like many companies, we use “cookies” or other similar technology (including flash cookies, e-tags, cache browsers and GIFs etc) on the Website. Cookies are bits of text that are placed on your computer's hard drive when you visit certain websites. We use cookies to tell us, for example, whether you have visited the Website before or if you are a new visitor and to help us identify Website features in which you may have the greatest interest. Cookies may enhance your online experience, for example, by remembering your passwords and viewing preferences, while you are visiting a particular page on this site.
When you visit this site, we automatically collect certain personal information, that we then aggregate so that it is not linked to a single, identifiable individual. This information provides us with statistics such as how many users visit the Website and which pages were accessed. By collecting this information, we learn how to best tailor this site to our visitors. We may also enter into arrangements with outside companies that possess technology that allows us to customise the advertising and marketing messages you receive on this Website. To learn more about those companies and how you can opt-out of targeted advertising on this site, please click on ”About our ads” at the bottom of each page [put link]. Please note that rejecting these cookies does not mean that you will no longer see advertisements when you visit the site. Without these cookies, online advertisements you encounter will likely be less relevant to you and your interests.
We may also collect password information from you when you log in, as well as computer and/or connection information. During some visits we may use software tools to measure and collect session information, including page response times, download errors, time spent on certain pages and page interaction information.
Anonymous Data
We may also use anonymous data in aggregate form for purposes of research or analysis. In order to better understand and serve our customers, we may conduct research based on customer demographics, interests and behaviours. Although this aggregated data may be based in part on personal information it does not identify any users personally. We may share this type of anonymous data with third parties, including our affiliates, agents, service providers and current and prospective business partners to administer the Website and for advertising, promotional and other business purposes.
A number of companies offer utilities designed to help you visit websites anonymously. Although we will not be able to provide you with a personalized experience if we cannot recognize you, we want you to be aware that these tools exist.Advertise


This Website is operated from the United States. However, as a global company, NBCUniversal may from time to time transfer your personal information to other countries and make it accessible by any of our affiliate entities and third party service providers internationally. Where the transfer of information is to a country which does not provide an adequate level of information protection, NBCUniversal has taken steps to ensure that your personal information receives an appropriate level of information protection. By using this Website and providing your personal information to us you understand and agree that your personal information may be sent to other countries.We may share your personal information with affiliates of NBCUniversal but only for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy.
We may also share your personal information with service providers we have retained to perform certain business-related functions on our behalf, such as hosting websites, maintaining databases, administering contests, providing technology services, and processing payments. These parties are provided only with the personal information they need to perform their functions and can only use and disclose such personal information as is necessary to perform the services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements. We have taken steps to ensure that any such third party service providers will take appropriate steps to protect your personal information as we would.
Some services provided on this Website may be cobranded by NBCUniversal and another company. If you register to or use such a service, both our privacy statement and the partner's privacy statement may be displayed or linked to at the point at which you register. If so, both NBCUniversal and the partner will receive the information you provide when you register.
In addition, we may disclose your personal information to our affiliates and third parties (including, amongst others, law enforcement agencies, government/regulatory bodies, content protection organisations): (1) protect our legal rights, privacy or safety, and those of our subsidiaries, affiliates, employees, agents and contractors; (2) protect the safety and security of visitors to our websites or other properties; (3) protect against fraud or other illegal activity or for risk management purposes; (4) respond to inquiries or requests from government, regulatory, law enforcement or public authorities; (5) permit us to pursue available remedies, commence, participate in, or defend litigation, or limit the damages that we may sustain; (6) comply with subpoenas, search warrants, the law or other legal process; or (7) enforce our Terms of Use.
We reserve the right to transfer your personal information in the event we sell or transfer all or a part of our business or assets. If you do not want your personal information to be processed following such a transfer, you should contact the subsequent owner of the business. You will of course be informed of any such sale or transfer.The Website may provide links to other websites for your convenience and information. These websites may operate independently from this Website. Linked sites may have their own privacy notices and terms of use in place, which we strongly suggest you review if you visit any linked sites. To the extent any linked websites you visit are unrelated to NBCUniversal; we are not responsible for their content, maintenance or availability.
Like many other websites, we provide other websites with and allow users to “snag” or place our RSS feeds, video players and other applications on websites we do not control. This Privacy Policy applies to any information we collect when you use our RSS feeds, video players and other applications, but does not apply to information separately collected by the operators of those websites or other third parties that may provide content or services to those websites.We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards for this Website to help protect against loss, misuse or unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration or destruction of the personal information you provide on this Website. Unfortunately, no transmission of data over the internet is guaranteed to be completely secure. It may be possible for third parties not under our control to intercept or access transmissions or private communications unlawfully. Therefore, any transmission of personal information to us is made at your own risk. If you believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, please notify us using the contact details below.
AdvertiseWe provide Website visitors with access to personal information they provide through this Website and the ability to review, update and correct it as and when necessary. Such requests may be subject to a small fee. To help protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity, such as requiring a password and user ID, before granting access to your personal information.
If you have previously provided personal information to this Website to subscribe to one or more email newsletters or are receiving emails or other communications from this Website and you do not want to receive such emails, please discontinue your subscriptions by selecting the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of any message, or the other means provided to unsubscribe, or using the contact details below.
If you prefer that we do not use the personal information you have provided to us or we have collected via your use of this Website, you may send us a request using the contact information details below and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor that request. However, we will retain records of your information as needed in order to comply with applicable laws/regulations and if you provide us with any personal information after such request may use that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
If you would like to make such a request, update your marketing preferences (including requesting being removed from our marketing list) or if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy please contact us by:
submitting your inquiry here; or
writing to NBC News, 30 Rockefeller Plaza, New York, New York 10112
If you choose to write, please send us a signed letter of request with your address and a copy of photo ID on which your signature appears.This Website is not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than that of the United States. Please note that we do not represent or warrant that this Website is appropriate for use in any particular jurisdiction. Those who choose to access this Website do so at their own initiative and are responsible for complying with all local laws, rules and regulations.
8. Updates to Our Privacy Notice.
From time to time, we may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect industry initiatives, changes in the law or technology, or changes in our practices regarding information collection and use. If we make material revisions to the way we collect or use your personal information such that we are using it for purposes or sharing such data with third parties that you have not consented to, we will provide you with notice of those changes and may do so by either: (1) announcing the change on the home page of this Website or (2) taking such other action as we deem appropriate under the circumstances, including without limitation, posting the revised draft of this Privacy Policy on this Website. You can determine when this Privacy Policy was last revised by referring to the “Last Updated” legend at the top of this page. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective upon posting of the revised Privacy Policy on the internet, accessible through this Website. By continuing to use this Website following such changes, you will be deemed to have agreed to such changes. If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, as it may be amended from time to time, in whole or in part, please do not continue using this Website.Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy was last updated on April 15, 2013

This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) explains how Udemy, Inc. (“Udemy,” “we” or “us”) collect, use and share personally identifiable information of visitors of our web site (the “Site”) and users of our products and services (the “Services”). Please note that the primary purpose of our Site and the Services it to allow you to enroll in and take online courses on a variety of topics (“Courses”). For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, information that you provide through the Site can be in one of two categories: information relating to your use of the Site or the Services, including, without limitation, enrollment information for Courses, is referred to as “Site Information,” while information relating to taking the Courses, including, without limitation, interchanges with the Course instructors (“Instructors”), other students (“Users”), answers, essays and other items submitted to satisfy Course requirements, is referred to as “Course Information.” When this Privacy Policy uses the generic term “information” it is intended to address the general use of information, and not your specific Site Information or Course Information. By using the Site, Services, or Courses you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personally identifiable Site Information and Course Information, as applicable, in accordance with this Privacy Policy.You can generally visit the Site without revealing any personally identifiable information about yourself. We do not collect personal information from our Site visitors without the Site visitor providing us with this information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.

If you request to receive company or product information, or request information about specific Services, or provide comments about Services, you will be asked to provide contact information so that we can complete your request. We use this Site Information to fulfill your request. We may also use this Site Information to send you additional information about our Services or Courses on the Site that you may be interested in.

Some of the Services require that you become a registered user and create a user account. This will require that you provide certain personally identifiable information, that may include (but not be limited to) your (and if you are enrolling as part of our Udemy for Organizations program) your company's name, e-mail address, as well as telephone and address information.

You allow us to use this personally identifiable Site Information to register you to use the Services, enroll in Courses, and otherwise provide you with the Services; verify your authority to enter the Site and access the Courses and Services; notify you of updates; improve the content and general administration of the Site and the Services; provide you with notices regarding the Services and other services that you have purchased or may wish to purchase in the future.

You also consent to our providing this personally identifiable information to Instructors as part of the Course Information when you enroll in a Course. Instructors will use this Course Information to provide the Course to you. Instructors may have other users for Course Information. It is your responsibility when you enroll in a Course to confirm what uses the Instructor will make of your personally identifiable Course Information. Udemy does not control these uses by Instructors.Udemy may also automatically collect and analyze Site Information about your general usage of the Site, Services and Courses. We might track your usage patterns to see what features of the Site, Services and Courses you commonly use, Site traffic volume, frequency of visits, type and time of transactions, type of browser, browser language, IP address and operating system, and statistical information about how you use the Services and Courses. We only collect, track and analyze such Site Information in an aggregate manner that does not personally identify you. This aggregate data may be used to assist us in operating the Site and the Services and provided to other third parties to enable them to better understand the operation of the Services, and improve their Course offerings, but such information will be in aggregate form only and it will not contain personally identifiable data.

Instructors may collect non-personally identifiable Course Information in connection with your participation in Courses. This Course Information may include, but not be limited to, your interaction with the Instructor and other Users, comments you leave on Course forums, answers or essays you submit to satisfy Course requirements, and so forth. As noted above, it is your responsibility to review the Instructor's policy in connection with all Course Information and decide whether or not you want to provide such Course Information.We recognize the privacy interests of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children's online activities and interests. This Site is not intended for children under the age of 13 and we endeavor not to collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. Udemy targets its Services and this Site to adults and not to children under 13.We will share your personally identifiable Site Information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy policy. These include, but are not limited to, sharing Site Information with service providers to allow them to fulfill your requests, to Instructors (in which case this will become Course Information), and to your employer if you are enrolled through the Udemy for Organizations program as an employee. We do not sell your personal information to third parties. Please refer to the sections above on personally identifiable and other Course Information for how Course Information may be used.

We may also disclose your personally identifiable information: (a) if we are required to do so by law, regulation or other government authority or otherwise in cooperation with an investigation of a governmental authority, (b) to enforce these Terms of Use, or (c) to protect the safety of Users of our Site and our Services and Courses. In addition, we may transfer your personally identifiable information to a successor entity upon a merger, consolidation or other corporate reorganization.We retain Site Information and the personal data we process on behalf of Users for as long as needed to provide the Services. We will retain and use this personal Site Information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements with Users, and/or the period required by laws in applicable jurisdictions. Please see the sections above for how Course Information may be used.If you believe that Udemy has incorrect Site Information or Course Information that was provided as part of the Services, you may use the Services to correct, amend, or delete that information. You may also contact us by e-mailing our customer support at privacy@udemy.com. We can only alter Course Information that was initially provided to us; you need to contact the Instructor for other purposes. Alternatively, you may send a letter with your requested changes, corrections or deletions to the following address:
By mail:
Udemy, Inc.
Attn: Privacy Policy
425 2nd Street, Suite 250
San Francisco, CA 94107

From time to time, we may send you emails about Course or new or modified Services that we believe might interest you. If you wish to opt-out of receiving these materials, you may follow the unsubscribe procedure provided in the email.The security of your personal information is important to us. Udemy employs procedural and technological measures to protect your personally identifiable information. These measures are reasonably designed to help protect your personally identifiable information from loss, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. We may use software, secure socket layer technology (SSL) encryption, password protection, firewalls, internal restrictions and other security measures to help prevent unauthorized access to your personally identifiable information. However, Udemy cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat these measures or use your personally identifiable information for improper purposes. Therefore, you should be aware that when you voluntarily display or distribute personally identifiable information, that information could be collected and used by others. Udemy is not responsible for the unauthorized use by third parties of information you post or otherwise make available publicly.The Site, Services and in particular the Courses, may provide links to third party web sites or resources not associated with us and over which we do not have control (“External Web Sites”). Such links do not constitute an endorsement by Udemy of the External Web Sites, the content displayed therein, or the persons or entities associated therewith. You acknowledge that Udemy is only providing these links as a convenience, and cannot be responsible for the content of such External Web Sites.Udemy reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will post the revised Privacy Policy on this Site located at www.udemy.com/static/privacy and will either send a notice to the e-mail address that you specified in your registration and/or post notice of the change so it is visible when users log-on for the first time prior to said changes taking effect so that you are always aware of what personal information we may collect and how we may use this information. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes. Your continued use of the Site and/or Services will be subject to the then-current Privacy Policy.We welcome your comments or questions concerning our Privacy Policy. If you would like to contact Udemy regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us by emailing us at privacy@udemy.com, or at:
Udemy, Inc.
Attn: Privacy Policy
425 2nd Street, Suite 250
San Francisco, CA 94107Privacy Policy



Privacy Statement for VegasInsider.com
Your privacy on the Internet is of the utmost importance to us. Because we gather certain types of information about the users of VegasInsider.com, we feel you should fully understand the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of that information. This privacy statement discloses what information we gather, how we use it, and how to correct or change it.

Questions regarding this statement should be directed to privacy@vegasinsider.com.Registration
Anyone who participates in interactive activities (chat, message boards, contest entry, store purchase, membership program) on VegasInsider.com may be asked to register for a free guest ID and password or to complete subscription registration for a member ID and password. We use customer contact information from this registration form to send the user information about our company and promotional material from some of our partners. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services. The customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary for customer service reasons. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Unique identifiers, such as ID and passwords, are collected to verify the user's identity and for use as account numbers in our record system.

Children Under the Age of 18
We do not currently collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of eighteen. Under certain circumstances, visitors may be asked to submit a screen name as a means of identifying communications to VegasInsider.com. Children of any age should always ask a parent for permission before sending personal information to anyone online. If in the future, VegasInsider.com collects personally identifiable information from children, it will do so in compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (is U.S.C. 6501 et seq.)

IP Address
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is used to help identify you and your shopping cart.

Cookies
A cookie is a small data file that certain Web sites write to your hard drive when you visit them. A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID that the site uses to track the pages you've visited. But the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. Generally, cookies work by assigning a unique number to the user that has no meaning outside the assigning site. A cookie can't read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. This random number lets us keep track of "how many" times customers are doing specific things - like visiting our site each month - without really knowing who those customers are. We also use cookies to keep track of your shopping cart and to make sure you don't see the same ad repeatedly. We use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests and to save your member ID. Additionally, after you've entered your member ID and password during a session on our service, we save that information so you don't have to re-enter it repeatedly during that session.

Users should be aware that VegasInsider.com cannot control the use of cookies or the resulting information by advertisers or third parties hosting data for VegasInsider.com. If a user does not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows the user to deny or accept the cookie feature; however, users should note that cookies may be necessary to provide the user with certain features (e.g., customized delivery of information) available on the VegasInsider.com website.

Order Forms
VegasInsider.com uses an order form for customers to purchase products and services. If you place an order at a store hosted by VegasInsider.com we will collect information from you, including your credit card and contact information. This information will be used by the merchant to bill the user for products and services. Contact information from the order form will also be used to ship orders, to contact a user for customer service related issues, and to send the user information about our company, and on occasion, promotional material from some of our partners. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.

Surveys
Our online surveys asks visitors for their VegasInsider.com email address and demographic information. Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. We use this data to tailor our visitor's experience at our site, showing them content and promotional offers that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences. This information is shared with advertisers only on an aggregate basis.

We may use contact data from our surveys to send the user information about our company and promotional material from VegasInsider.com or some of our partners. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.

Contests
We run contests on our site in which we ask visitors for a VegasInsider.com ID and password. We use contact data from our contests to send users information about upcoming contests and promotional offers. On occasion we will email customers promotional material from some of our partners. The customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary for winner notification and prize delivery confirmation. The majority of the contests that we offer are hosted on the VegasInsider.com site; however, there may be cases in which a third party sponsor will host the contest and collect user information. In those cases, we urge users to review the privacy statement of the third party site. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.

Newsletter
We offer a free newsletter to share content information about our site with interested users. Users may cancel their free email subscriptions by following the simple instructions at the bottom of each newsletter or e-mail.All of the information we collect, both what you tell us and what we collect through the use of cookies, is "aggregated" -- meaning that the information from many users is grouped together in a way that does not disclose the personal information of any particular user. We may use this aggregated information to evaluate which products and services are successful and which ones are not, and in order to evaluate which new services we should make available on our Web site. We may use only the anonymous click stream data to help our advertisers deliver better targeted advertisements. VegasInsider.com will not disclose any information about any individual user except to comply with applicable law or valid legal process.

There may be cases in which some of your personal information may be used by VegasInsider.com to target e-commerce promotions and telemarketing activities. In addition, it may be shared with third parties who assist VegasInsider.com in producing its Web sites or provide a service to VegasInsider.com's users.VegasInsider.com contains links to partners, advertisers and third party Internet sites and services who may collect data in connection with sweepstakes, promotions, ecommerce, etc. They each have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of VegasInsider.com. VegasInsider.com has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or actions and is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.

Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily and publicly disclose personal information on any online service or Web site - for example on message boards, through email, or in chat areas - that information can be collected and used by others. In short, if you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. Furthermore, while we strive to protect your personal information, VegasInsider.com cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. You are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and/or any account information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you're online.

Security
VegasInsider.com utilizes a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. All user contact information is contained behind a "firewall" and only accessible by a limited number of employees who have special access rights to production systems. Passwords and credit card numbers are encrypted in VegasInsider.com's secure database which is also located behind a firewall. All sensitive/credit information supplied by users is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted in VegasInsider.com's databases as stated above.

In the event a user wishes to modify their personal information they may do so by visiting the  Member Services Arena. They will be required to submit a valid user ID and password for authentication before they are able to modify their file. If a user has forgotten his/her password or prefers to speak with a customer service representative to modify their personal information, for the fastest response, email Customer Service .  A user may also contact customer service at (800) 211-4759. The user will be asked to provide their name or user ID and then to verify certain non-sensitive information (i.e. mother's maiden name) in order to proceed. Because password and credit card information has been encrypted, it is completely invisible to any employee who accesses it, including our customer service team. If a user wishes to change their password, the customer service representative will reset to a new one after the member has properly identified him/herself.

VegasInsider.com's technology department conducts frequent site security audits and employs a third party audit company to perform additional site security audits.
Every VegasInsider.com employee is required to sign a policy which clearly outlines the company's policy with respect to security and defines the action the company will take with any employee who breaches the policy.VegasInsider.com gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.
You can send email to Customer Service
You can call the following telephone number: 1-800-211-4759

Change/Modify
VegasInsider.com gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided.
You can send email to Customer Service
You can call the following telephone number: 1-800-211-4759
Contacting the Web Site

If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of VegasInsider.com, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact Customer Service or write to:
Customer Service
VegasInsider.com Inc.
Attn: Privacy Statement
5300 NW 33rd Ave. Suite 207
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33309In this policy, "us", "we" or "our" means Fairfax Media Limited (ABN 15 008 663 161) and its related bodies corporate.

This policy sets out:
what kind of information we collect;
how we collect it;
why we collect it;
how we use it;
how we disclose it;
opting in and out;
management and security;
how to seek access to and update your personal information; and
how to contact us.

We are bound by the National Privacy Principles contained in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cwth) (subject to exemptions that apply to us under that Act).
We may, from time to time, review and update this policy, including to take account of new or amended laws, new technology and/or changes to our operations. All personal information held by us will be governed by the most recently updated policy.
This policy was last updated in January 2011.In general, the personal information we collect about you includes (but is not limited to) your name, contact details (including phone numbers and addresses) and possibly financial information, including your credit card information.

We also collect information about you that is not personal information. For example, we may collect data relating to your activity on our websites (including IP addresses) via tracking technologies such as cookies, or we may collect information from you in response to a survey. We generally use this information to report statistics, analyse trends, administer our services, diagnose problems and target and improve the quality of our products and services. To the extent this information does not constitute personal information, the National Privacy Principles do not apply and we may use this information for any purpose and by any means whatsoever.

We generally advise that you do not publish or communicate personal information, or at least limit the personal information that you publish or communicate, to the public via our services, such as in our classifieds, forums or blogs (Non-Confidential Information). You acknowledge that we cannot control any third party collection or use of your Non-Confidential Information. You agree that we may use and disclose Non-Confidential Information for any purpose and by any means whatsoever.We may collect your personal information from a variety of sources, including from you, advertisers, mailing lists, recruitment agencies, contractors and business partners.

We may collect your personal information when you request or acquire a product or service from us, register with us as a member, provide a product or service to us, complete a survey or questionnaire, enter a competition or event, contribute in a fundraising event, participate in our services (including our radio programs, blogs and forums) or when you communicate with us by e-mail, telephone or in writing (for example if you contact customer service to make a complaint or provide feedback).

If, at any time, you provide personal or other information about someone other than yourself, you warrant that you have that person's consent to provide such information for the purpose specified.The primary purpose for which we collect information about you is to provide you with products and services you have requested. We also collect information about you for the purposes outlined below.
We may state a more specific purpose at the point we collect your information.

If you do not provide us with the information that we request, we may not be able to provide you with our products or services. For example, if you do not register as a member of a website, you will not be able to access features or services that are reserved for members only.In addition to the primary purpose outlined above, we may use the personal information we collect, and you consent to us using your personal information:
to provide you with news and information about our products and services;
to send marketing and promotional material that we believe you may be interested in. This material may relate to any of Fairfax's businesses or a third party business which we believe may be of interest to you;
for purposes necessary or incidental to the provision of goods and services to you;
to personalise and customise your experiences;
to manage and enhance our products and services;
to communicate with you, including by email, mail or telephone;
to conduct competitions or promotions on behalf of Fairfax and selected third parties;
to verify your identity;
to investigate any complaints about or made by you, or if we have reason to suspect that you are in breach of any of our terms and conditions or that you are or have been otherwise engaged in any unlawful activity; and/or
as required or permitted by any law (including the Privacy Act).We may disclose personal information, and you consent to us disclosing your personal information, to other members of the Fairfax Group (in which case, your personal information will be collected, used, disclosed, managed and stored in accordance with this policy).

We may also disclose personal information, and you consent to us disclosing your personal information, to third parties:
engaged by us to perform functions or provide products and services on our behalf, such as newsagents, processing credit card information, mailouts, debt collection, marketing, research and advertising;
that are our agents, business partners or joint venture entities or partners;
that sponsor or promote any competition that we conduct or promote via our services;
authorised by you to receive information held by us;
as part of any investigation into you or your activity, for example, if we have reason to suspect that you have committed a breach of any of our terms and conditions, or have otherwise been engaged in any unlawful activity, and we reasonably believe that disclosure is necessary to the Police, any relevant authority or enforcement body, or your Internet Service Provider or network administrator;
as part of a sale (or proposed sale) of all or part of our business; and/or
as required or permitted by any law (including the Privacy Act).At the point we collect information from you, you may be asked to “opt in” to consent to us using or disclosing your personal information other than in accordance with this policy or any applicable law. For example, you may be asked to opt-in to receive further information or communications from our advertisers and supporters which do not fall into one of the categories described above.

You will generally be given the opportunity to “opt out” from receiving communications from us or from third parties that send communications to you in accordance with this policy. For example, you will be given the option to unsubscribe from e-newsletters and other marketing or promotional material sent by us. You may “opt out” from receiving these communications by either clicking on an unsubscribe link at the end of an email or by updating your personal details on our Member Centre page. You may also cancel your account on our Member Centre page.

If you receive communications purporting to be connected with us or our services that you believe have been sent to you other than in accordance with this policy, or in breach of any law, please write to us using this form.We have appointed a Privacy Officer to oversee the management of personal information in accordance with this policy and the Privacy Act.

Other than in relation to Non-Confidential Information, we will take all reasonable steps to protect the personal information that we hold from misuse, loss, or unauthorised access, including by means of firewalls, pass word access, secure servers and encryption of credit card transactions.

However, you acknowledge that the security of online transactions and the security of communications sent by electronic means or by post cannot be guaranteed. You provide information to us via the internet or by post at your own risk. We cannot accept responsibility for misuse or loss of, or unauthorised access to, your personal information where the security of information is not within our control.

You acknowledge that we are not responsible for the privacy or security practices of any third party (including third parties that we are permitted to disclose your personal information to in accordance with this policy or any applicable laws). The collection and use of your information by such third party/ies may be subject to separate privacy and security policies.

If you suspect any misuse or loss of, or unauthorised access to, your personal information, please let us know immediately.Subject to some exceptions in the Privacy Act, you have the right to seek access to and update the personal information we hold about you. If you make an access request, we will ask you to verify your identity. We may charge a fee to cover the costs of meeting your request.

Members of our websites will generally be able to access and update their membership details online.
We request that you keep your information as current as possible so that we may continue to improve our service to you.

If you would like to seek access to personal information we hold about you, or if you have any questions or complaints about how we collect, use, disclose, manage or store your personal information, you can contact the department that collected your personal information in the first instance, or write to:
Privacy Officer
GPO Box 506
Sydney NSW 2001Tracking and Targeting PolicyFairfax Facebook App privacy policyTestosterone Publishing, LLC Privacy PolicyThis privacy policy covers Testosterone Publishing, LLC, a limited-liability company based in the USA ("Testosterone"), as well as any of the company's affiliates and web sites.

Testosterone's principal activity is the manufacturing, sales, and distribution of nutritional supplements.
Organization Name:
Testosterone Publishing, LLC
Address:
PO Box 60310
City, Zip Code:
Colorado Springs, 80960-6310
State:
Colorado
Country:
USA
Controller:
Brian Maslach
Web Site(s):
www.t-nation.com
www.testosterone.net
www.1500t.com
www.tmagnum.com
www.musclewithattitude.comTestosterone affords its web site visitors the opportunity to access the company's home page and browse its web site without disclosing any personal data.The company's web site does not automatically log personal data, nor does it link information automatically logged by other means with personal data about specific individuals.

It does not use "cookies" to store personal data, nor does it link non-personal information stored in such cookies with personal data about specific individuals.Testosterone collects any personal data that visitors may volunteer while using the company's web services.
The company does not, however, collect information about its web visitors obtained from other sources, such as public records, and public or private organizations.

If you wish to access a table outlining the types of personal data that Testosterone collects, and/or to learn the purposes for which this data is used, please click here

Testosterone does not collect or use personal data for any purpose other than those outlined in this table.
The company may wish to use the personal data of its visitors for new purposes; in this event, it does not provide its visitors with any prior opportunity to consent to such new purposes.Testosterone does not knowingly collect personal data from children.
The company takes no specific steps to protect the privacy of those children who disclose such personal data.
The company does not provide — either on its home page or at other sites at which it collects personal data — information concerning its personal data collection practices as these relate to children.Testosterone does not disclose any of the personal data it collects to outside groups or organizations.Testosterone offers its web site visitors the option of using a secure transmission method to submit the following types of personal data:
primary personal data (such as name and contact details)
identifiers (such as credit card information and web site passwords)
The company has implemented policies, rules, and technical measures designed to protect the personal data it collects from the following confidentiality and/or security breaches:
unauthorized access
improper use or disclosure
unauthorized modification
unlawful destruction or accidental loss

All Testosterone employees and data processors — as well as any other persons who have access to and/or who are associated with the processing of personal data — are obliged to respect the confidentiality of such data.
The company pledges that no personal data it collects will ever be disclosed to any state or federal institutions or authorities, unless doing so is expressly required by law or other governmental regulation.You can employ any of the following methods to determine whether Testosterone is storing personal data about you:
e-mail (service@t-nation.com)
postal mail to the company's address (PO Box 60310, Colorado Springs, CO 80960-0310)
the company's telephone number (1-719-473-5500)
At your request, Testosterone will provide you with a readable copy of all your personal data that it is storing. The company normally forwards this copy to you (free of charge) within a week of its receipt of the request. Be prepared, of course, to provide proof of your identity.

You may challenge the validity of any data about you that Testosterone stores; and, when and where appropriate, you may have the data:
erased
rectified or amended
completed
Testosterone reserves the right to refuse to provide its visitors with copies of their personal data stores, but the company will present sufficient explanations in such cases. You may challenge any such refusals by the company.No national laws or self-regulatory schemes govern our web site or organization.

No global or regional regulatory or self-regulatory schemes govern our web site or organization.If you have any questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy, please contact the following:
Name/Designation:
Customer Service
Address:
PO Box 60310, Colorado Springs, Colorado 80960-0310
Phone Number:
719-473-5500
Fax Number:
719-473-7700
E-mail address:
service@t-nation.com
Testosterone is not aware of any other means by which the concerns of its web site visitors can be adequately addressed.Primary Personal Data/Business Information
X 	Volunteered by each visitor
Collected from public records or bodies
Collected from private organizations
Primary Personal Data
Technical Administration of the Web Site
Research & Development
Customer Administration
Marketing
Trading in Personal Data
Name
Gender
Address
E-mail Address
Phone/Fax Number
Business Information
Technical Administration of the Web Site
Research & Development
Customer Administration
Marketing
Trading in Personal Data
Employer/Organization
Job Title
Address
E-mail Address
Phone/Fax Number
Other Personal Details and Profiling Data
Volunteered by each visitor
Collected from public records or bodies
Collected from private organizations
Ads not by this site
Technical Administration of the Web Site
Research & Development
Customer Administration
Marketing
Trading in Personal Data
Personal Details
Physical Description
Family Characteristics
Education and Skills
Lifestyle or Personal Tastes
Financial Resources
Identifiers
X 	Volunteered by each visitor
Collected from public records or bodies
Collected from private organizations
Technical Administration of the Web Site
Research & Development
Customer Administration
Marketing
Trading in Personal Data
On-line Identifiers
Financial Identifiers
Identifiers Assigned by Public Bodies
Biometrics Identifiers
Specific Data
Volunteered by each visitor
Collected from public records or bodies
Collected from private organization
Technical Administration of the Web Site
Research & Development
Customer Administration
Marketing
Trading in Personal Data
Racial or Ethnic Origin
Political Opinions
Religious or Philosophical Beliefs
Trade Union Membership
Health/Medical Data
Sex Life
Police/Justice Data Such as Civil/Criminal Actions Brought By or Against the Visitors


-Privacy policy
'The Official LocalBitcoins.com Web Site' is committed to protecting the privacy of its visitors. The policy statement provides our visitors with an overview of the measures we have taken to show our commitment to this policy.We collect the personal data that you volunteer on forms which you submit to us for on-line competitions and in emails that you send to us. In addition we automatically gather details of browser types and IP addresses of the users who visit our site. We do not release this information to any outside party, except in suspected fraud cases.

When fraudulent activity is suspected, we may release the users details to the party that the user has been trading with. This is done only if there is strong evidence that actual trade has happened.Users who join the forum will automatically receive Newsletters. Should users later decide to opt-out from receiving this information please contact us and you will be removed from our database and no longer receive future communication.You may request that we amend any personal data that we are holding about you which is factually inaccurate. You can email us stating your wishes.This web site has a message board and chat room available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas become public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.This web site contains links to other sites. LocalBitcoins.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this web site.LocalBitcoins.com may occasionally run competitions with other web sites and we will ask visitors for their contact information. Any information that you supply will be held in the strictest confidence and will only be used in conjunction with the competition. In order for visitors to take part in the competitions you must be a member of the LocalBitcoins Forum.LocalBitcoins.com user data is stored three months after deleting the user account.

File attachments related to the trade are stored 30 days after closing the trade.If you have any questions about this Privacy statement, the practices, or your dealing with this web site, please contact us and your enquiry will be dealt with as soon as possible.
-----------
Trading
Buying bitcoins

When a user buying bitcoins with traditional electronic payment methods using the escrow service, the buyer is required to provide correct reference message when paying. Bitcoin sellers are not required to release bitcoins paid with an incorrect reference. This is to prevent fraud.

Buyer should be ready to prove his/her identity, when buying bitcoins online and the payment method is reversible.
Accounts

An user can only act on his own behalf. No LocalBitcoins.com account can be used to act as an intermediary or broker. A user can only use his own trading accounts to trade at LocalBitcoins.com. A user account must not contain misleading information about the user, including, but not limited to having non-personal phone number or faking the country of origin.
Communication

Hate-speech and abusive language is strictly forbidden on LocalBitcoins.com. Any user account that engages in abusive language or hate-speech can be banned.Effective Date: 26th September, 2013
Privacy Policy
Introduction
What Personally Identifiable Information do we collect and store?
What other information is collected and stored?
Information about you received from third parties
What happens to the information provided/collected?
Passing your personal information to third parties
Safeguarding your Personally Identifiable Information
Jagex's privacy practices in relation to children and the safeguarding of children's Personally Identifiable Information
Review, correction and deletion of information from our recordsThis is the privacy policy of Jagex Limited and any companies within our group (referred to collectively as "Jagex"). It applies to all of our websites/services (referred to collectively as "our websites") on which it appears.

"Jagex Product(s)" is used as shorthand for our online games including all Jagex websites used to play those games and products published by Jagex on behalf of third parties. The ongoing supply of any particular Jagex Product is not guaranteed.

"Personally Identifiable Information" is information that identifies you and can be used to contact or locate you in real life, such as your real full name, e-mail address, mobile telephone number, postal address or credit card information.

We are committed to protecting your privacy and take special measures to ensure the confidentiality of Personally Identifiable Information collected from or about you. This privacy policy explains how we collect, store and use such Personally Identifiable Information.

Please read this policy carefully. You must accept this policy in full in order to use our website or any Jagex Product (whether or not you are a subscriber). If you do not agree with this policy, or any part, please do not use our websites or any Jagex Products. Your using any of our websites or Jagex Products is treated as an acceptance of the version of this policy in effect at the time of your use.
We may change this policy at any time, and will post any changes made on the site. Please check it whenever you return to the site. We will treat your continued use of our websites as acceptance of these changes from their effective date as shown above.

If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us by emailing   and do not use our websites or Jagex Products until you are satisfied and can accept this policy in its entirety.No Personally Identifiable Information is collected when you merely access the public areas of our websites or when you play our single player games.

We collect and store information which you voluntarily provide via forms or otherwise on our websites, electronic or other communications with us. You may opt-out of providing any such information by simply choosing not to complete the form requesting the information, and hence choosing not to use that particular service.
For example:
To use many of the features of Jagex Products you will need to open an account by choosing a username and password.
To start a subscription for any Jagex Product you will need to provide contact information including: name, a valid email address, home address, and payment details (such as credit card number and expiry date). Some users may not be eligible to provide this information.
To start a subscription for any Jagex Product you will also need to provide contact information including: your name, a valid email address, home address.
To make use of our customer support service you will need to access the customer support section using your username and password and supply information relating to your query via the online form.
To enable us to provide a better customer support service we may also ask you to provide contact information including: name, email address, postcode and country, and to provide a number of security questions which we can use to verify your identity if you require assistance in the future. (Note that the questions and the answers you provide are up to you. You may opt-out of providing some of this information but it will limit the availability or effectiveness of our support service if you do, or you may not be eligible for a particular support service.)
We may give you the option of supplying a valid email address so we can contact you in the future with email newsletters about Jagex Products, including new game features and special offers.
Some users may not be eligible for certain elements detailed above, for example because there are restrictions on the collection of Personally Identifiable Information from those users.We use Cookies, collect and store IP-addresses, alphanumeric IDs and other unique identifiers in order to identify specific computers that access our websites. We identify and store the versions of Java and .NET (if any) on your computer along with your browser and operating system, and details of your device's hardware and software specifications.

For more information about Cookies, the information they collect and how to disable them, please visit our Cookies page.

We generate and store logs indicating usage of our websites such as activity in our games and public and private chat communications. This includes monitoring play patterns and anti-tamper checks which verify the correct internal operation of our software and are designed to spot abusive or inappropriate activities.
We may track your use of certain features and areas of our websites to help us improve them.

If our client software held on your computer fails, it sends an automatic error report to our server to help us fix it. This error report only includes information about the internal state of our own client software and which browser/java version it is running on. It does not include data from elsewhere on your system and so does not reveal Personally Identifiable Information to us.

We store 'save game' and 'game settings' information to enable us to provide a better games service in which your activities and achievements are remembered in the game, and we conduct polls to find better ways of serving the needs of our users.If you access Jagex's Products through an integrated and approved third party then you are allowing Jagex access to certain information from that third party. The information you allow Jagex to access may vary per Jagex Product and across different third party platforms and is affected by the privacy settings you have on your computer or internet device and the choices you make with that third party.

By playing a Jagex Product through a third party site or application you are authorising Jagex to collect, store and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information that you agreed the third party could provide to Jagex through that third party site or application including Personally Identifiable Information.The information we collect may be used:

To process your payment for membership subscriptions or other goods or services ordered on our site or to fulfil such orders.
To provide our customer support service, and to verify any claims or requests you make if you use our customer support service.
To enforce our terms and conditions, and prevent or detect hacking activities, security breaches or safety risks in connection with our websites.
To send service announcements and messages (for example, a reminder sent to the members' Message Centre if a subscription payment is due or if member credit has expired).
To aggregate information to generate anonymous statistics regarding use of our websites. We may share this anonymous information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any Personally Identifiable Information.
For our own internal marketing and demographic studies and to help us improve our websites or to show you adverts on our site which are relevant to your demographic profile.
In the event of an actual or proposed (including as part of negotiations for any) merger, or business combination or sale of substantially all of our assets or a business operation to which such information relates, or as provided under bankruptcy or applicable insolvency laws or by the enforcement of equitable rights.
To disclose information to the extent required by law, court order, as requested by other government, regulatory or law enforcement authority, to protect or assist in protecting our users, systems or the public, or to otherwise enforce legal rights as determined in our sole and absolute discretion.
If you have agreed on our websites, to send you email newsletters about our games, including new game features and special offers.
As set out elsewhere in our privacy policy.
We care about protecting your privacy, and with the exception of the uses specified above or where you explicitly consent, we will not sell, transfer, rent out, share or disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to other companies.We may supply your Personally Identifiable Information to external third parties who provide a service to us (such as fulfilment of orders placed for Jagex Product merchandise or to assist us in the supply of customer support) and purely for the purpose of that service.

>We partner with a number of external payment service provider companies to enable you to make payment via a wide range of payment options. We share your billing information with such companies insofar as is necessary for the processing of your payment or to prevent or detect fraud. These companies have agreed not to retain, share, store or use your Personally Identifiable Information which we pass to them for any secondary purposes.

Your personal information may be transferred to, stored and processed in countries outside your country of residence both in and outside the European Union including the United States, and used for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.
You should be aware that the data protection laws of other countries may not be the same as the data protection laws of your country of residence. By submitting your personal information to Jagex, you agree to the transfer, storage and processing of your personal information as described in this section.

Please note that this privacy policy does not apply to any of your Personally Identifiable Information which is collected by the external payment provider companies themselves or to the websites or services of other companies to which we link or which link to us, or which provide goods or services to our users from their websites (such as co-branded, white label or affiliate sites or other sites selling Jagex Product merchandise). Please note that those companies (and not Jagex) are responsible for the information which they collect. Please check their privacy polices where appropriate.

We use external companies to provide and serve advertisements or other technologies on our websites (eg to collect website statistics or to enable sharing of buttons or widgets). These companies may use information (not including Personally Identifiable Information) about your visits to this and other websites in order to personalize advertisements on this site or other sites and/or to personalize certain features on our site and/or to provide anonymised aggregated statistics concerning use of our site or use of certain features on our site which are shared with other sites (eg buttons or widgets linking to our site). We do not have access to or control over cookies or other technologies that these third parties may use and the information practices of these advertisers and technology companies are not covered by this policy. If you would like more information about some of these practices and to know your choices about preventing this information being used by certain of these companies, please click here.

Furthermore, information collected from our users by third parties providing goods or services (including advertisements) at or via our websites may be shared by those third parties with us and stored by us for the purposes stated in this policy.
Be very careful before making or posting any communications on our websites. Certain information is visible to other players of the game including: public and private chat communications, the appearance of your characters and your experience points. Players who include you on their friends list can see which in-game world you are playing on. We may share Game Data with third parties, such as survey and data analysis companies, to help improve the products and services we offer to our players and improve the player experience. "Game Data" includes, but is not limited to, communications posted on Jagex Products and player communications. Game Data may contain Personally Identifiable Information.

If you have agreed on our websites, we may provide your email address to our business partners so that they can send you emails with details of goods or services which may be of interest to you including information about special offers or promotions.We will only collect Personally Identifiable Information to the extent we believe it reasonably necessary to serve our legitimate business purposes, and will protect it using the same level of safeguards we use to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of our own equivalent proprietary information. In addition, we will take reasonable steps to ensure that third parties to whom we transfer any Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with this policy will agree to provide sufficient protection.

Note that while we strive to protect all our Personally Identifiable Information, we have all heard of data breaches in well-respected financial and governmental institutions and we cannot ever fully guarantee that such breaches will not happen. We will inform you of any material data breaches that we discover that may compromise your Personally Identifiable Information.We do not knowingly collect or store any Personally Identifiable Information from children under 13. If a Jagex Product allows under 13s to create an account, Jagex will only collect information than is reasonably necessary for participation in the Jagex Product, such as a user-name, password and a parent or guardian's email address.

If we become aware that we hold or have inadvertently disclosed any Personally Identifiable Information for any player aged under 13 (other than an irreversible hash of an email address username in a non-retrievable form), it will be deleted from our system to ensure the protection of the child's privacy.

Jagex will not require a user under 13 to provide Personally Identifiable Information in order to use Jagex forums or messaging features within Jagex Products. In addition, we enable users of Jagex Products to chat online through our products, but we take measures so that users under 13 cannot communicate personal information through this chat function. These measures include filters and post-submission moderation. Nonetheless, if you use the chat function within a Jagex Product and disclose Personally Identifiable Information, you should be aware that such information could be read, collected or used by other users. We strongly encourage you not to disclose Personally Identifiable Information (such as real name, email address, telephone number, etc.) about you or about any third party. Jagex is not responsible for the use of Personally Identifiable Information you choose to submit through Jagex Products.

If a Jagex Product asks you for your email address as your username and you are under 13, we will not store the email address. Instead the email address will automatically create an encrypted record on our system (known as a hash), which cannot be used by us to re-create the email address. Next time you login, you will be asked for your email address as your username. This will then automatically create a new hash which will then be compared against our existing records in order to allow you to log you in. We will not store your email address in any form that can be used to contact you, although you may be asked to provide your parent's email address.

On top of what we state above, we also have a number of provisions regarding the Personally Identifiable Information of children. These are that a parent/guardian has the right to review the information the site has collected from their child, have their child's Personally Identifiable Information deleted from the site and also request us to stop collecting further Personally Identifiable Information from their child in the future. This can be done through either faxing or posting us an affidavit, along with a copy of your passport or driving license, to the fax number or address below:
UK: 0844 588 6690
USA, Canada: 01144 844 588 6690
Australia: 001144 844 588 6690
Rest of the world: 0044 844 588 6690
Jagex Ltd.
St. John's Innovation Centre
Cowley Road
Cambridge
CB4 0WS
United Kingdom
UK
Phone number: 0844 588 8880
The affidavit has to be signed by and in the presence of 'notary public'. This is someone who is qualified and has the legal authority, to administer oaths. Upon receipt of this, we will be able to action your request. Specifically, the affidavit must state:
You are the custodial parent;
Your e-mail address;
Confirmation that your child is under the age of 18;
The correct spelling of your child's username for the relevant Jagex Product;
Whether you wish to have the right to review the information the site has collected from your child, have your child's Personally Identifiable Information deleted from the site and/or request us to stop collecting further Personally Identifiable Information from your child in the future.
If you are submitting an affidavit for a child that is under 13 years of age, then please do not include any of their Personally Identifiable Information. If you do include any Personally Identifiable Information of the child, your submission is your express consent for Jagex to receive and store the Personally Identifiable Information as reasonably necessary to fulfil your request.If for data protection purposes you are concerned that the Personally Identifiable Information which we hold about you is not accurate, or should you wish to have your Personally Identifiable Information removed from our records, please see our Data Protection Policy below.The Stack Exchange network is a set of Q&A sites dedicated to providing high-quality questions and answers, with the modest goal of making the Internet a better place. It is owned and operated by Stack Exchange Inc.
We really, truly care about your privacy. We may joke around, but we mean it. 	We take the private nature of your personal information very seriously, and are committed to protecting it. To do that, we've set up procedures to ensure that your information is handled responsibly and in accordance with applicable data protection and privacy laws. We're grateful for your trust, and we'll act that way.
This will teach you what info we collect and how we use it. If you wanted to learn to play the keytar, you're in the wrong place. 	This privacy policy describes what information we collect when you visit the network, how we use that information, and what choices we offer you to access, update, and control it. This version of the policy is effective as of June 28, 2012.We follow the strict Safe Harbor Framework that complies with the EU and Swiss privacy requirements. 	We have chosen to comply with the principles of the Safe Harbor Framework developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce in consultation with the European Commission and the Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner of Switzerland, except where limited by any legal, regulatory, ethical or public interest considerations. More information about the principles that make up the Framework, as well as other frequently asked questions relating to Safe Harbor can be found at: http://www.export.gov/safeharbor.“Personal” information can potentially identify who you are. 	“Personal information” is any information that we could use to identify an individual. It does not include personal information that is encoded or anonymized, or publicly available information that has not been combined with non-public information.
“Sensitive” information can identify specific private attributes, such as ethnicity, health info, criminal history, or trade affiliations. 	“Sensitive personal information,” is information that meets the “personal information” criteria and also a) reveals race, ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, or b) concerns health or sex life, information about social security benefits, or information on criminal or administrative proceedings other than in the context of pending legal proceedings.We collect information two ways: Information we get from your use of the network, and information you provide to us directly.
Your web browser tells us stuff like your approximate location and how you use the site. It also bakes us yummy cookies. 	Information we get from your use of the network is primarily non-personally- identifying information of the sort that web browsers, servers, and services like Google Analytics* typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the time of each visit. Other non-identifying information that we might have access to includes how you use the service (e.g., search queries), your approximate location, cookies, etc.
We try to use this non-personal info to help make better Q&A sites, and to destroy spam. We eat the cookies. 	We collect this non-personally identifying information in order to better understand how visitors use the service and where possible, to improve their experience. For instance, we may monitor the most common content on the network to help identify spam. In some cases, we may publicly display information that is not personally identifying in the aggregate, (e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of the network,) or may provide it to third parties.
Your browser also gives us your IP address, which could identify you, but we don't use it to do that. For real. 	When you use the network, we also collect potentially personally identifying information in the form of Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. But we don't use that information to identify you, and we handle and disclose these addresses in the same way we handle other potentially personally identifying information as described below.
If you register an account, you may need to give us your email and other personal info, but we're not the boss of you and can't make you. 	Information you provide to us directly. Certain visitors to the network choose to interact with it in ways that may require them to provide us with personally identifying information. The amount and type of information that is provided depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for stackoverflow.com to provide a username and email address. Employers who engage in financial transactions with careers.stackoverflow.com are asked to provide additional information, such as the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. We use a payment gateway to protect financial information we collect online, and we only collect as much information as is necessary or appropriate given the type of interaction. We do not disclose personally identifying information other than as described below. And you can always refuse to supply personally identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent you from engaging in certain activities.
The non-identifying content of a service request may be made public. You want to help, don't you? 	If you send us a request, such as emailing us for support, we reserve the right to publish it (absent any personally identifying information) in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or help other users.
If you don't like cookies or have other dietary restrictions, please tell your browser. 	A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. We use cookies to help us track visitors' use of the network and their preferences. If you do not wish to have cookies placed on your computer, you should set your browser to refuse cookies, but should be aware that certain features of the network may not function properly without them.
Our servers live in the United States. So, if you send us your info, that's where it's going. 	If you are outside the United States, you should know that any personally identifiable information you enter into the network will be transferred out of your country and into the United States, and possibly to other countries. By using the network, you consent to such transfer, and are representing that you have the right to transfer such information outside your country.
If you're under 13, we want to mind our own business, not yours. 	We do not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If you believe that a child has provided us with personally identifiable information without the consent of his or her parent or guardian, please contact us at team@stackexchange.com. If we become aware that a child under age 13 has provided us with personally identifiable information, we'll delete it.If you decide to post personal information in the public parts of our sites, it's… um, public. 	Some users may elect to publicly post personally identifying or sensitive information about themselves in their normal use of the network. This could occur through use of the optional profile fields, in question or answer posts, or when an individual posts a job history on the Careers site. Information like that, which is voluntarily posted in publicly visible parts of the network, is considered to be public, even if it would otherwise be considered to be personally identifying or sensitive. As such, it is not subject to the protocols listed below, because we don't control it; you do. Additionally, voluntarily publicizing such information means that you lose any privacy rights you might normally have with regards to that information. It also increases your chances of receiving unwanted communications, like spam.We're not responsible for any information you give other websites we link to. Sort of like how your TV maker isn't responsible if you buy a lousy product, even if you saw it in an awesome commercial. 	This Policy only applies to information collected by Stack Exchange. It does not apply to the practices of companies that we don't own or control, or employees that we don't manage. The network contains links to third party websites, and any information you provide to those sites will be covered by any privacy policies they may have. Please be sure to read the privacy policies of any third-party sites you visit. It is those sites' responsibility to protect any information you give them, so we can't be held liable for their wrongful use of your personally identifying information.We will tell you what we're collecting, what we're doing with it, and when we might share it with others. (Almost never, unless you ask us to.) 	Notice – Notice is what this privacy policy that you're reading is all about. You are reading it, right? It's important! When we collect your personal information, we'll tell you how we're using it, any types of third parties to which we might disclose it, (other than moderators or “agents,” such as vendors or contractors, who are only processing such information for us or at our direction), and the choices we offer you to limit the use of your information.
We'll tell you all this stuff as soon as you register. 	Notice will be provided in clear and conspicuous language when you are first asked to provide us with personal information, or as soon as practicable thereafter, and we'll notify you before we use the information for something other than the purpose for which it was originally collected. If anything in this policy seems unclear, please don't hesitate to contact us at team@stackexchange.com, so we can address your question and possibly clarify this document.
If we change this policy, we'll update this document to keep you in the loop. 	Although most changes are likely to be minor, we may occasionally need to change this policy. If we do update it, we'll notify you either by posting the new policy on the network or by emailing you the changes or a link to the modified document. (See the “Choice” section below for information about how we'll notify you if we change our policy regarding sensitive information.) In any case, the way we use information you provide will be covered by the privacy policy that was in effect at the time it was collected.
We mostly use your information to customize and improve your (and others') experience. 	Here are some of the ways we may use personal information you provide us:

To allow you to register for our web sites, online communities and other services, and to administer and process those registrations
To communicate with you about our products, services and related issues
To evaluate the quality of our products and services, and to enhance your experience on our web sites
To help employers find or contact users who post profiles on the Careers site
To maintain and administer our web sites and comply with our legal or internal obligations and policies
To transfer information to others as described in this policy or to satisfy our legal, regulatory, compliance, or auditing requirements

Choice – Choice is all about making sure you have the ability to control how we share your personal information with others. We almost never share any of your personal information with non-agent third parties, with one exception, where you basically are asking us to do so:
If you post a profile on Careers, employers can see your name, and if you apply for a job, we give them your contact info. (Because they can't hire you if they can't contact you.) 	Users who post profiles on our Careers site are generally doing so for the express purpose of getting connected with potential employers. So, if you post a profile on our Careers site, and choose to make your profile visible to employers, your name (which is required) and most of the other (optional) information in your profile will be visible to employers searching for candidates. That said, your contact information (email, phone, and address) will not be provided to employers in their candidate searches. We will only allow employers to have access to your contact information in two cases, both of which are under your control:
If you apply directly for a specific job, you will be asked to provide your name and email address (and other optional information) to the employer
If an employer finds you through a search and wants to contact you, we will ask if you are interested in hearing from them, and if you are, we will then provide them with your contact information.

Outside of when you apply for job listings, we don't share your personal info with anyone. That could theoretically change in a merger, etc. but the buyer would still be bound by these rules. 	Other than on Careers, we won't share your personal information with non-agent third parties unless we are required to do so by law, or if we believe in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect our property, rights or those of third parties or the public at large. It is possible that we may, on occasion, buy or sell assets from or to other companies. If that should occur, user information is typically one of the assets that get transferred. Similarly, if Stack Exchange or most of its assets were acquired, or in the unlikely event that we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, user information could be transferred or acquired. You should be aware that such events can occur, and that if it does, the buyer may continue to use your personal and non-personal information, but only as set forth in this policy. Other than in these rare circumstances, Stack Exchange will not rent or sell potentially personally identifying information to anyone.
In the unlikely event that we should need to collect and transfer your sensitive information, we'll ask first. 	It's hard to imagine that we would ever consider collecting, let alone sharing, sensitive information with a non-agent third party, but if such a day should come, we will first give you the opportunity to explicitly consent (opt-in) to such disclosure or to any use of the information for a purpose other than the one for which it was originally collected or previously authorized.
If you give us your email, we may email you. But probably not very often. We're busy, too. 	If you are a registered user of the network and have supplied your email address, we may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with the network. We generally use the network to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of communication to a minimum. If we do send you information that you did not expressly request, we will provide you with a way to request that you don't get any similar notices (opt-out).
Anyone that has access to your info will be required to treat it like we do. 	Onward Transfer – Prior to providing agents with any personal information, we will obtain assurances that they will safeguard it in accordance with this policy. Examples of assurances that may be provided include:
A commitment that they will handle in the information in accordance with this policy, or will provide the same level of protection, as required by the Safe Harbor Principles, subject to EU Directive 95/46/EC (“the EU Data Protection Directive”);
Safe Harbor certification by the agent, or being subject to another European Commission adequacy finding.
In the unlikely event that we should discover that an agent is using personal information in way that conflicts with this policy, we will take all reasonable steps to stop them immediately.
We promise to work hard to keep your info safe, and to restrict who can access it. 	Security – All records containing personal or financial information are considered to be our property and are afforded confidential treatment at all times. We work hard to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of personal or financial information. All such electronic information is stored on restricted database servers, and is generally kept until such time as you may ask us to edit or delete it, as described below. We only disclose such information to our employees, agents or affiliates that a) need to know that information in order to process it for us or to provide other services, and b) have agreed not to disclose it to others.
We want to keep your data accurate and up to date, so… 	Data Integrity – In addition to assuring you that we will protect your personal information, we also want to make sure that it is reliable, accurate, and up-to-date. In order to do that, we provide:
…we'll provide it to you to review. Within reason. 	Access – Upon request, we will provide you with reasonable access to the personal information we collect about you. You will have the opportunity to correct, update, modify or delete this information by sending an e-mail to team@stackexchange.com. Please note that some information may remain in our records even after you request deletion of your information as permitted by the Safe Harbor Principles. Additionally, there may be limits to the amount of information we can practically provide. For example, we may limit an individual's access to personal information where the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to the individual's privacy or where doing so would violate others' rights.
Enforcement – We will conduct internal audits of our compliance with this privacy policy, including an annual self-assessment. Our employees take your privacy as seriously as we do, and we will take all reasonable measures against any employee found to be in violation of this policy.
If you have any concerns about your privacy, we genuinely want to know about it. 	If you have any concerns or complaints about how you think we've handled your personal information, please contact team@stackexchange.com or our Data Protection Officer at the address below. We will work hard to investigate and resolve any complaints you might have.
In the really, really, super-unlikely event that we can't help, you can contact eTrust. 	We hope it won't ever come to this, but if you've already contacted us and feel that your complaint cannot be resolved between the two of us, we have agreed to participate in the dispute resolution procedures established in the Safe Harbor Principles regarding personal information received from the EEA. For such escalated disputes, you can contact eTrust at 616 Corporate Way, Suite 2, #4000, Valley Cottage, NY 10989.We're here if you need us. 	If you have any questions about this policy or our site in general, please contact us at team@stackexchange.com.
Our Data Protection Officer is Michael Pryor.

Who writes letters? Like with stamps and stuff? Ugh.Written Inquiries can be sent to:
Stack Exchange, Inc.
110 William St, 28th Floor
New York, NY 10038
USA

Working here rocks. We have insanely great health insurance, reimburse employees' gym membership, and give employees free transportation by unicorn transit cards. 	This section covers any ways in which personal information we collect from employees or applicants might be treated differently than user information. You can probably stop here if you not an employee or interested in applying for a job with Stack Exchange. But maybe you should be interested: Who wouldn't want to work with an amazingly talented team dedicated to making the Internet a better place to get expert answers to questions, especially at a company with free lunches, top-notch benefits, and a CEO who has literally written the book on how to make great workplaces for building amazing software. The more I think about it, the more I think maybe you should click here after all: http://stackexchange.com/about/hiring. And if you do, be sure to review the following non-comprehensive list of ways that we may use information provided to us by employees or applicants:
If you do work or apply to work here, here's how we handle your personal information.


The lawyers say I have to remind you again that you really need to read the long version on the right. Which hurts my feelings a little, but is still probably good advice.
Responding to inquiries in connection with prospective employment at Stack Exchange, and processing employment applications
Carrying out human resources functions like training, career / succession planning, administering contracts, evaluating employees, and providing benefits
Enabling Stack Exchange and its employees to contact each other by telephone fax, e-mail or “snail mail”
Administering compensation, bonus and other employment needs
Arranging employees' travel plans
Maintaining building security and employee health and safety
Running internal administrative analytics, such as staffing, headcount and statistics initiatives
Complying with our legal obligations, policies and procedures
Transferring personal information to others as required by our legal, regulatory, compliance and auditing needsPrivacy Policy
Share on twitter Share on linkedin Share on facebook Share on google_plusone_share More Sharing Services
0
Stanford Graduate School of Business is committed to protecting your personal information and respecting your privacy. In general you can visit our website without telling us who you are or revealing information about yourself.

Some websites covered by this policy may request personal information from you in order to complete a form or transaction. Your information may be shared with third parties, such as event registration systems, to complete your transaction. Your information also may be collected by Stanford University and the Stanford Graduate School of Business for marketing and development. Stanford University and the Stanford Graduate School of Business will not sell any personal information to third parties for purposes of marketing, advertising, or promotion.

Stanford Graduate School of Business uses various methods to collect other kinds of information, including cookies, referrers, IP addresses, and system information.Stanford Graduate School of Business uses website analytics tools to retrieve information from your browser, such as the site you came from, the search engine(s) and keywords you used to find our site, and the pages you view within our site. Additionally, we use technologies such as cookies and web beacons (described below), to collect information about the pages you view, the links you click, and other actions you take on our website. Lastly, we collect certain standard information that your browser sends to every website you visit such as your IP address, browser type and language, access times, and referring website addresses.

When you visit the Stanford Graduate School of Business website we gather and store this information to allow us to track the use of our website and make improvements. This information is stored and used in the aggregate only and is not used to obtain personal data or to contact you personally.

Some Stanford Graduate School of Business department sites use online data entry forms to collect personal information from web visitors who choose to identify themselves for the purpose of transacting e-commerce or receiving products, services, or information. Stanford GSB sites that collect data of any type are required to abide by and provide a link to our Privacy Statement. We request no more information than is required to fulfill the purpose for which the information is being collected.We use cookies, small snippets of data sent to your computer, to track usage patterns, traffic trends, and visitor behavior. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies. Choosing to accept cookies enables some online services to work more efficiently or makes the use of those services more convenient. You may set your browser to refuse cookies from any website that you visit. If you set your browser to refuse cookies, you may be unable to fully use certain portions of the website.

We may utilize web beacons, also known as clear GIFS, from third parties to help us compile aggregated statistics regarding the effectiveness of our site. Web beacons are used in combination with cookies to help understand how visitors interact with our site. We may include web beacons in promotional email messages or our newsletters in order to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon. We prohibit web beacons on our website from being used by third parties to collect or access personal information.A referrer is the information passed along by a web browser that references the web URL you linked from. Our web server automatically gathers this information.Web servers use your IP address to identify your computer so that data, such as the web pages you request, can be sent to you. Our web server automatically gathers them.System information includes time, type of browser being used, the operating system or platform, and CPU speed. Your web browser sends this information automatically when you are connected to a website. This information is used by Stanford Graduate School of Business to identify broad demographic statistics and may be used to provide information appropriate for your computer system. Stanford Graduate School of Business will not use this information to attempt to identify your personal information.While no system can provide guaranteed security, we take reasonable efforts to keep information you provide to us secure, including encryption technology, and physical security at the location of the server where information is stored.The Stanford Graduate School of Business website includes hyperlinks to sites maintained or controlled by others. Stanford Graduate School of Business is not responsible for and does not routinely screen, approve, review, or endorse the contents of or use of any of the products or services that may be offered at this or any other website. We advise you to review the individual privacy policies of the respective sites.

Effective date: June 10, 2010The integrity of individuals is an important factor of Tradedoubler's business success. Tradedoubler's advertisers, publishers, media agencies and other customers (hereafter the "Client/Clients") that from time to time provide Tradedoubler with personal data, as well as web surfers whose digital data is processed by Tradedoubler as part of its provision of services to it's Clients (hereafter the "User/Users"), must be able to trust that data is processed by Tradedoubler in accordance with applicable privacy laws and regulations.

This Privacy Policy was created in order for Clients and Users to better understand how information relating to them is processed by Tradedoubler. The Privacy Policy is not exhaustive, but contains certain fundamental privacy principles applied by Tradedoubler which Tradedoubler considers to be of particular importance for Clients and Users to be aware of.

Part 1 of the Privacy Policy contains Tradedoubler's general privacy principles with regard to its processing of personal data provided by Clients, Users or other individuals.
Part 2 of the Privacy Policy contains information regarding Tradedoubler's processing of digital information about Users in relation to Tradedoubler's Interest Based Advertising and Retargeting  activities. It also contains requirements on publishers with whom we have contracted to serve Interest Based Advertising, Retargeting and other marketing services, to notify Users about Tradedoubler's services on their websites.
Part 3 of the Privacy Policy contains contact information for different kinds of inquiries and requests relating to Tradedoubler's processing of data and this Privacy Policy.

This Privacy Policy was last revised on 21st May 2012. Tradedoubler may at any time and without notice change it, e.g. to keep it compliant with applicable laws. You should therefore read this Privacy Policy each time you intend to provide Tradedoubler with personal data.
Part 1 - General privacy principlesPersonal data comprises all information that directly or indirectly can be referred to a natural person who is alive, e.g. name, postal address, e-mail address and phone number. A controller of personal data is the natural or legal person who processes personal data and who decides why and how such data shall be processed.

Tradedoubler AB is the controller of personal data provided by you through the website 'www.Tradedoubler.com'. Tradedoubler AB is the Controller of personal data provided to us by you through sub-sites of www.Tradedoubler.com, that are published and maintained by Tradedoubler AB or its subsidiaries (all Tradedoubler websites hereafter referred to as the "Site") unless otherwise indicated when such data is collected, or personal data that you are asked to provide us with in other situations if not otherwise is indicated.Personal data for which Tradedoubler is controller may be provided by you to us e.g. in the following situations:

If you are a Client you may be required to provide us with personal and corporate information, such as name, address, email address and other account information, in order to be able to access and use our services;
As part of our sales efforts, we may collect and store data through online forms for contact purposes;
If you are a prospect Client, you may provide us with personal data through this Site when applying to join our network;
You may provide us with personal data when you send us inquiries relating to our services or in relation to this Privacy Policy.Tradedoubler is committed to protect any personal data you provide to us and to process your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable laws.

Personal data provided to Tradedoubler may be used for the following purposes; provide you requested products and services; manage Tradedoubler's agreed obligations and rights towards you; process payments; administration; internal analysis to improve or more effectively tailor Tradedoubler's Site, business or offerings generally; allow you access to agreed products and services; direct marketing; any other purpose you have consented to or which is allowed under applicable law. Your personal data may also be processed for additional purposes stated on any relevant part of the Site or otherwise in connection with the provision to us of your personal data. Your personal data may be combined with other information collected from you or third parties for the above purposes.Personal data may be transferred to other companies within the Tradedoubler group of companies. Tradedoubler may as a consequence of service agreements with third parties, also transfer personal data to such third parties who process personal data on behalf of Tradedoubler. Such service agreement shall contain obligations for third parties to process data only in accordance with Tradedoubler's instructions and to take appropriate measures to secure that the processing of the personal data is secure.

For any of the purposes described herein, personal data may be transferred to Tradedoubler's business partners within or outside the EU/EEA. Should any of the recipients reside in a country without adequate legal protection for personal data, Tradedoubler will make reasonable efforts to make the recipient adopt the principles described in this Privacy Policy.Where it is required by law or where Tradedoubler otherwise deems it appropriate, Tradedoubler will seek consent from you before Tradedoubler processes your personal data. Such consent may e.g. be obtained by asking you to accept processing of your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy and/or other terms and conditions stated in connection with the collection, please do not provide personal data to Tradedoubler. Tradedoubler reserves the rights not to provide you certain products or services should you choose not to provide required personal data.You are at all times entitled to withdraw your consent to process personal data that you have provided to Tradedoubler. In such case Tradedoubler will not process your personal data based on consent any more.

You are entitled to request that Tradedoubler shall not process your personal data for direct marketing purposes.

Contact details for withdrawal of consent and/or for request that Tradedoubler shall not process your personal data for direct marketing purposes are set out in Part 3 below.Tradedoubler will take reasonable measures to rectify, block or erase personal data that it is shown incorrect without undue delay. Part 3 of this Privacy Policy contains information about who you should contact if you would like us to correct personal data that we hold on you and which you consider incorrect.

To the extent required by law, we will inform you about Tradedoubler's processing of your personal data in connection with the initial collection or registration of your personal data. Such information may e.g. be provided by notifying you about this Privacy Policy.

You may request a copy of the personal data that Tradedoubler holds about you ("Subject Access Request"). You are entitled to such information free of charge once a year. This information will include information regarding what personal data Tradedoubler processes about you, where such information has been collected, for which purpose the information is being processed, and to whom, or to which categories of persons, the information is being disclosed. Contact information for Subject Access Request is set out in Part 3 of this Privacy Policy.Any personal data that we hold on you is only stored as long as it is required for us to keep them in order to fulfill the purposes for which they were collected. Data may however be necessary to store for a longer period due to legal requirements, e.g. for accountancy purposes.Tradedoubler is dedicated to maintain the security of personal data and preventing unauthorized access through the implementation of appropriate technical and organizational measures, as far as is reasonably possible. Such security measures also include that personal data may be accessed only by a limited number of persons within Tradedoubler.

Our employees are made aware of and must comply with Tradedoubler's security standards. When we occasionally use third-party contractors to perform tasks that might otherwise be performed by our employees, these contractors are contractually bound to adhere to this Privacy Policy and they are subject to similar restrictions as our employees.
Cookies

The Site contains cookies. This Site sends your browser a cookie - a small piece of data stored on your computer's hard drive. The purpose of the cookie is to improve your reading of and your search possibilities on our Site. If you are a registered Client (e.g. a publisher), the cookie will also manage and control your login and session on those part of our Site that are only available to registered Clients.

If you do not want to accept that your computer receives and stores cookies, you can alter your security settings on your web browser (Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, Safari etc.). However, note that certain parts of our Site may only be used fully if your browser allows cookies. Thus, your reading experience of our Site may be affected negatively by removing and not allowing cookies.

If you wish to alter your cookie settings, by going to your browsers settings, below are short instructions for how to do this in the four most popular browsers:
Microsoft Internet Explorer

Click the 'Tools' icon in the top right hand corner and select 'Internet options'. In the pop up window select the 'Privacy' tab. From here you can adjust your cookie settings.
Google Chrome

Click the spanner in the top right hand corner and select 'Settings'. From here select 'Under the hood' and change the settings under 'Privacy'.
Mozilla Firefox

From the drop down menu in the top left hand corner select 'Options'. In the pop up window select the 'Privacy' tab. From here you can adjust your cookie settings.
Safari

From the settings drop down menu in the top right hand corner select 'Preferences'. Select the 'Security' tab and from here you can adjust your cookie settings.

In addition, Tradedoubler may serve ads on this and other websites using our own ad-serving technology. In doing so, one of our ad servers will place or read a unique ad-serving cookie on your computer and will use non-personal information about your browser and your activity at this site to serve ads on this and other sites. The ad-serving cookie is a persistent cookie. Please click here for more information about Tradedoubler ad serving or to opt-out of the Tradedoubler ad-serving cookie.

The table below explains the cookies we use and why.
Signup/Login cookies
Cookie name 	Description
JSESSIONID 	For security reasons when logging in a session cookie is needed. It is a unique id to this session and encrypts this in a cookie. This cookie is set when logging in and will be deleted when logging out.
GlobalSessionId 	A session cookie to keep you logged in into the old and the new system at the same time
test 	To check if cookies are disabled or not in the browser. To inform the user that cookies has to be enabled for the signup and be able to login
Google Analytics
Cookie name 	Description
__utmz 	Keeps track of where the visitor came from, what search engine they used, what link was clicked on, what keyword they used, and where in the world they are when they accessed the website.
_utmv 	Stores information used within Analytics to identify user as part of a custom segmentation.
_utmc 	Holds timestamp of the exact moment in time when a visitor leaves the site
_utmb 	Holds timestamp of the exact moment in time when a visitor first visits the site
_utma 	 This cookie keeps track of the number of times a visitor has been to the site, when their first visit was, and when their last visit occurred.Cookie Name 	Description
TD_UNIQUE_IMP 	The Unique Impression Cookie contains programs of viewed ads together with the time of the ad-view. This information is used to be able to identify unique ad-views.
TD_POOL 	Ad-pools have the feature of ad-rotation. To support this, pool based ad-views are stored in a cookie
TD_PIC 	The Post Impression Cookie holds information about ad-views for those organizations that have post impression tracking activated
TD_ANTEC 	The Frequency Capping Cookie is used support the frequency capping functionality. This is a feature that makes it possible to limit the number of times a user is exposed to a certain set of ads within a time interval. The set of ads can be specified on three different levels; budget, program, ad-group
BT 	Behavioural targeting is a feature that makes it possible to target ads to users with a specific browsing behaviour or interest. To support this, users are profiled when visiting Tradedoubler publisher sites. A user profile consists of about 20 weighted categories and is stored in a cookie
TD_EH<counter> 	The Event History Cookie contains information about the tree latest tracks (clicks) and the ten latest closures per program. This information is used to be able to connect clicks with closures.
TradedoublerGUID 	The GUID Cookie holds an identifier to support server side storage of the user event history
OPT_OUT 	Allows a user to disable cookie based tracking or targeting for the browser that the user is using
RET 	Retargeting is a feature that makes it possible to target ads to users that have visited configured targeting points on the advertiser's site. To support this feature the targeting points visited by a user are stored in this cookieIntroduction

Tradedoubler processes digital information about Users (web surfers) who visit websites belonging to Clients with whom Tradedoubler has contracted to serve advertisements (the "Advertising Network"). This part of the Privacy Policy lets you know what information we collect and process about you as a User on behalf of our Clients, why we collect it and how it is used in relation to our Interest Based Advertising and Retargeting services to our Clients. The Policy contains instructions on how you can display and delete information collected by Tradedoubler yourself and how you can opt-out from further Interest Based Advertising and Retargeting activities of Tradedoubler. Further, the Policy contains instructions to our publishers on how to notify Users about Tradedoubler's services on their websites.There exists a range of different kinds of online Interest Based Advertising and Retargeting services; from fairly simple forms to the far-reaching monitoring of web surfer activities carried out by search-engine owners or services carried out in partnerships between technology companies and Internet Service Providers. As a common denomination, you could say that Interest Based Advertising and Retargeting is intended to make online display advertising more relevant to web surfers' likely interests.

Tradedoubler's Interest Based Advertising and Retargeting services are cookie based. "Cookies" are small simple text files (not programs or spyware) stored on the hard drive of a web surfer's computer. Based on the anonymous information stored in the User's cookie, Tradedoubler is able provide more relevant advertising to the User on behalf of our Clients. For example, a User that visits sports sites often will be categorized in the "sports fan" segment, and will primarily be served advertisements that are relevant to the interests of a sports fan, and a User that shows interest in a certain car model or a certain computer model, may be served advertisements or specific offers for such car model or computer model.

The fundamental integrity principle underlying all Tradedoubler's processing of digital data relating to Users, is that such data shall be anonymous. Therefore, we do not store IP addresses on the cookie of a User, only a unique randomly generated ID that does not allow Tradedoubler to trace the User; we do not have, and will not initiate, any co-operation with Internet Service Providers in order to trace the identities of Users. The data stored on the cookie is limited to information collected at the User's visits to websites belonging to Tradedoubler's Advertising Network. With the exception of a marginal proportion of cookie data saved for statistical purposes solely, a User's cookie can only be viewed by Tradedoubler when the User visits a website that belongs to our Advertising Network.NoneThe cookie information stored on the User's hard drive for Interest Based Advertising and Retargeting purposes is: (i) User segment hits or information on a specific product, service, brand or model in which the User has shown interest during its visit to a certain website (for example a User that visits a sport site of one of Tradedoubler's Clients, will record a hit in the 'sports' segment and a User that has shown interest in a certain car model will record a hit of that car model) and (ii) time and date stamp of the latest update of the User profile. The User segments used by Tradedoubler for cookie hits are: (1) Animals; (2) Humanities; (3) Automotive (4) Business; (5) Computers & electronics; (6) Entertainment; (7) Finance; (8) Food & drink; (9) Gaming; (10) Health & beauty; (11) Home & garden; (12) Insurance; (13) Lifestyle & society; (14) News & current events; (15) Reference; (16) Shopping & retail; (17) Social; (18) Sports & recreation; and (19) Telecom & utilitiesFor the sake of clarity, no segments relating to information which Tradedoubler considers sensitive have been or will be created, such as segments relating to political opinions, religious beliefs, physical or mental health conditions or sexual life. Further, Tradedoubler is very sensitive to the issue of children's privacy and marketing directed to children. No segments are intended to be established for the profiling of children.Tradedoubler will use the User data in order to better target advertisements on behalf of our Clients, to provide aggregated non-personal reporting to our Clients, and to improve our advertising systems and products. The data may be combined with other anonymous information collected from other sources so that we may better serve Users with offers that may be of interest to them. We may also share anonymous data between companies within the Tradedoubler group of companies.Tradedoubler is dedicated to maintain the security of all its data and to prevent unauthorized access through the implementation of appropriate technical and organizational measures, as far as is reasonably possible. Such security measures also include access restrictions, i.e. that data may be accessed only by a limited number of persons within Tradedoubler.

Our employees are made aware of and must comply with Tradedoubler's security measures. When we occasionally use third-party contractors to perform tasks that might otherwise be performed by our employees, these contractors are contractually bound to adhere to this Privacy Policy and they are subject to similar restrictions as our employees.You may at any time easily block further cookie-based Interest Based Advertising and Retargeting activities from Tradedoubler by opting-out. To do so please follow the instructions above the heading 'Targeting information'.

In addition, note that you are always able to prevent cookies from any website from being installed on your computer by readjusting your browser settings. For more information about cookies and how to disable them, you should consult the help section of your browser.
Publisher notification

If you are a publisher, please note that you are obligated to notify visitors of your website about third parties who are serving advertisements on your website by way of use of cookies. As party to the publisher agreement with Tradedoubler, you agree to provide clear and unambiguous notice about this. In relation to Tradedoubler's Interest Based Advertising and Retargeting (if you have chosen to be provided with such services), such information shall at least include the following text:

"We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. In order to do this, our advertising partners may place a cookie (a small text file) on your computer. If you would like more information about this type of targeted advertising, about use of cookies in such practice, and would like to know your options in relation to not having this information used by these companies, click here. For general information about use of cookies on this website, and how to block cookies, please [REFERENCE TO INFORMATION]."

For avoidance of doubt, please note that the foregoing requirement of notification does not limit any of your obligations according to applicable law. You are yourself as a publisher responsible for providing relevant and accurate information required by law, including applicable privacy laws.Contact details for inquiries and requests:

For general inquiries concerning this Privacy Policy or Tradedoubler's processing of data, please send an e-mail to the following address: privacy@Tradedoubler.com;
For: (i) a withdrawal of a consent to process your personal data previously provided by you to Tradedoubler; (ii) a request that Tradedoubler shall not process your personal data for direct marketing purposes; (iii) a requirement that Tradedoubler shall rectify certain personal data held on you, or; (iv) a Subject Access Request, please send an e-mail to the following address: privacy@Tradedoubler.com;

Please provide relevant details in your e-mail in order for Tradedoubler to be able to process your request or inquiry.PRIVACY POLICY
Welcome to the website of glispa (“Site”). We are owned and operated by glispa GmbH (“glispa”). We can be reached via email at privacy@glispamedia.com.
glispa collects and stores only the following information about you: the name of the domain from which you access the Internet, the date and time you access the Site, and the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to the Site. glispa uses this information for internal purposes only, including to measure the number of visitors to the different sections of the Site, and to help make the Site more useful to visitors.
If you identify yourself by sending an email to glispa, glispa may collect and store your email address and any other information provided by you in your email. glispa may also contact you and/or send you information via your email address. If you provide glispa with your telephone number, glispa may contact you by telephone. You may ask glispa to delete any information about you and/or cease further contact at any time by sending an email to privacy@glispamedia.com.

Information
Privacy
Privacy policy
Share 62
inShare0
Email
theguardian.com, Saturday 23 July 2011 18.00 BST
This is the main privacy policy for theguardian.com and for certain services provided through these and other Guardian websites and applications ("our sites") by Guardian News & Media Limited, and Guardian News & Media LLC ("GNM").
If you use GuardianWitness, please read the GuardianWitness privacy policy.
At GNM we collect different types of information about our users for four main reasons:
1. To provide personalised services unique to individual users.
2. To help us to monitor and improve the services we offer
3. To sell advertising space on the site. This helps us to keep the site free for people who visit it.
4. If we have permission from the user, to market services to them.

There may be other privacy policies that apply to certain services we provide. Please read these when you register or subscribe for these services on these sites.

Please follow the links below for further information.

Our principles
How we use your information
Using information about children
Updating your personal information
Who we share information with
Use of cookies
About our advertising
Legal information and how to contact us
Changes to the privacy policy1 We do our very best to protect your privacy by using security technology appropriately. This means:
- we make sure that we have appropriate security measures to protect your information; and
- we make sure that when we ask another organization to provide a service for us, they have appropriate security measures.
2 We will respect your privacy. You should receive marketing emails only from us and, if you agree, from other organisations we have carefully chosen. We will make sure it is clear when you can make these choices, for example, we have boxes you need to tick if you want to receive marketing. However, we may email you occasionally with information or questions about your registration, your subscription account or postings, for example, with reminders, warnings or copyright requests.
3. We will collect and use individual user details only if we have your permission or we have sensible business reasons for doing so, such as collecting enough information to manage subscriptions.
4 We will be clear in our dealings with you as to what information about you we will collect and how we will use it.
5 We will use personal information only for the purposes for which it was originally collected and we will make sure we delete it securely.
6 Our site is accessible via the internet. This means that people around the world who access our website can see anything you post on the website, for example, comments about an article.
7 If we or our service providers transfer any information out of the European Economic Area (EEA), it will only be done with the relevant protection (stated under UK law) being in place.What information do we collect?

We collect information on you:
• when you register
• when you use the website
through cookies
if you choose to reveal information in postings, and
• when you enter sales promotions and competitions.
Certain services that we provide may involve us collecting extra information, such as where you are, so the service can be provided as designed. In particular, this may apply to certain apps that you download, or which we provide.

Registration
The minimum information we need to register you is your email address and a password. We will ask you more questions for different services, including sales promotions. Unless we say otherwise, you have to answer all the registration questions.
We may also ask some other, voluntary questions during registration for certain services (for example, professional networks) so we can gain a clearer understanding of who you are. This also allows us to personalize services for you.
After you have registered, we may send you emails we think may interest you. At any time you can decide not to receive these emails and will be able to 'unsubscribe'.

Logging in using social networking credentials
If you log-in to our sites using a Facebook log-in, you are granting permission to Facebook to share your user details with us. This will include your name, email address, date of birth and location which will then be used to form a Guardian identity. You can also use your picture from Facebook as part of your profile. This will also allow us and Facebook to share your,networks, user ID and any other information you choose to share according to your Facebook account settings. If you remove the Guardian app from your Facebook settings, we will no longer have access to this information.
If you log-in to our sites using a Google log-in, you grant permission to Google to share your user details with us. This will include your name, email address, date of birth, sex and location which we will then use to form a Guardian identity. You may use your picture from Google as part of your profile. This also allows us to share your networks, user ID and any other information you choose to share according to your Google account settings. If you remove the Guardian from your Google settings, we will no longer have access to this information.
If you log-in to our sites using a twitter log-in, we receive your avatar (the small picture that appears next to your tweets) and twitter username.Except for children's books, we do not knowingly collect or store any personal information about children under the age of 16. 'Children's books' is a service for children. However, they need parental permission to join. We do not display personal information about children on the site, and we read through all contributions before they are published. For any questions about children's books, please contact: Children's books, Guardian News and Media, 90 York Way, London, N1 9GU or email childrens.books@theguardian.com.We offer a 'My details' page (also known as Dashboard), where you can update your personal information at any time, and change your marketing preferences. You can get to this page from most pages on the site – simply click on the 'My details' link at the top of the screen when you are signed in.We will not share your personal information with others for marketing purposes unless you have given us your permission. If we have your permission, we will share your information only with other organisations we have chosen carefully.
We may make other organisations' services available, such as Guardian Garden Centre or Guardian Bookshop, through our sites, although we are not necessarily operating these sites. We process any information which we collect when you access a service provided by another organisation under this privacy policy. Information these other organisations collect is governed by their own privacy policies.
We can access and release personal information to keep to relevant laws and government requests, to operate our systems properly and to protect both us and our users.
Any other organisations who access your information in the course of providing services on our behalf will be governed by strict contractual restrictions to make sure that they protect your information and keep to data-protection and privacy laws which apply. We may also independently audit these service providers to make sure that they meet our standards. We may use service providers to help us run these sites (or services available on the sites), some of whom may be based outside the EEA.
Some of our webpages use plug-ins from other organisations (such as the 'Facebook Recommend' function). These other organisations may use information about your visit to our websites on their pages. If you browse these pages while still also logged in to your account with us, information they collect may be connected to your account on their site. For more information on how these organisations use information, please read their privacy policies.We use cookies for a number of reasons.
1 For statistical purposes to track how many users we have and how often they visit our websites. We collect information listing which of our pages are most frequently visited, and by which types of users and from which countries.
2 We use other organisations to collect anonymous user information, sometimes through cookies and web beacons,(information embedded in images which allow them to analyse how the website is being used and the number of visitors). Click here to learn more about how we use these services to collect and use information on guardian.co.uk, guardiannews.com and m.guardian.co.uk.
3 We and other advertisers may use statistical cookies to track who has seen an advert and clicked on it. You can find more information on this in the online behavioural advertising section of this privacy policy.
4 Placing cookies on your computer means we can show you adverts that you might be interested in, and allows us to control the number of times you see them and measure how effective the ad campaign has been. Advertising helps us to keep the site free for you to use. You can find more information on this in the Online Behavioural Advertising section of this privacy policy, including how you can 'opt out'.
5 We may use 'Flash' cookies to store your preferences for your media player (for example, volume and so on). If we don't use them, you may not be able to watch some video content.
You can turn cookies off but if you do this, you may not be able to use all services on our websites and you might see more pop-ups and other advertising. This is because we won't be able to limit what you see by using cookies. However, you will still be able to see our editorial content.
6 We or other companies may use cookies to suggest and deliver content which we believe may interest you.
For more information about cookies and managing them, including how to turn them off, please visit our page on Cookies.
By using the sites you are agreeing to the use of cookies as described.In late 2005 we launched a new advertising service called online behavioural advertising (OBA). OBA allows us to deliver targeted advertising to people who visit our website. It works by showing you adverts that are based on your browsing patterns and the way you have interacted with our site. It then shows you adverts which we believe may interest you.
As you browse our sites, some of the cookies we place on your computer will be advertising cookies, so we can understand what sort of pages you are interested in We can then display advertising on your browser that is based on these perceived interests. For instance if you have been reading a lot of food and drink articles, you may be shown more adverts for food and drink.
It is important to remember that none of the OBA techniques we use will collect information such as your name, email address, postal address or phone number.
We may also share anonymised behavioural data with advertising partners. This may mean that when you are on other websites, you will be shown advertising based on your behaviour on theguardian.com. We may also show you advertising on our site based on your behaviour on other sites.
Behavioural retargeting is another form of OBA that allows us and some of our advertising partners to show you ads based on your browsing patterns and interactions with a site away from our sites. For example, if you have visited the website of an online clothes shop, you may start seeing ads from that same shopping site displaying special offers or showing you the products that you were browsing. This allows companies to advertise to you if you leave their website without making a purchase. The privacy policy of criteo, one of the partners that we work with for behavioural retargeting is shown here. criteo.com/en/privacy-policy.

If you want to opt out of receiving online behavioural advertising, this does not mean that you will no longer receive advertising when you are using our sites. It just means that the advertising you see will not be customised for you.

If you would like more information about OBA and how to opt out of it, please visit youronlinechoices.com or networkadvertising.org (if accessing from the US.)

Please visit audiencescience.com/privacy.asp, quantcast.com/privacy and flurry.com/privacy-policy.html for the privacy policy of our online behavioural targeting technology providers.

Advertising on mobile devices may require the collection and sharing of the unique device ID with companies who purchase advertising space on the mobile application.

Other Advertising

Our sites contain links to other websites from which we may earn revenue. Our articles are never influenced by advertisers or affiliates, nor are they written for the purpose of promoting a product, except when clearly branded as a 'sponsored feature', 'advertisement feature' or 'sponsor's content'.Under the UK Data Protection Act 1998 we have to say who the 'data controller' is for theguardian.com and services provided through our websites. The data controller is the organisation responsible for protecting information and, in our case, is Guardian News & Media Limited, King's Place, 90 York Way, London N1 9GU.

If you would like a copy of the personal information we hold about you, or have any questions about how we may use it, please contact the Data Protection Manager at the address shown above. Or, email dataprotection@theguardian.com.

If you have a dispute with us

Our American office, Guardian News and Media LLC takes part in the EU Safe Harbor Privacy Framework as set out by the United States Department of Commerce. As part of our involvement in the safe harbor, we have agreed to using TRUSTe dispute resolution for disputes relating to whether we have kept to our Safe Harbor Privacy Framework. If you have any complaints about whether we have kept to it, you should first contact us (using the contact details provided above). For information about the Safe Harbor Framework click here

If contacting us does not resolve your complaint, you may raise your complaint with TRUSTe, by fax to 415-520-3420, or by mail to Watchdog Complaints, TRUSTe, 55 2nd Street, 2nd Floor, San Francisco, CA, USA 94105. If you are faxing or mailing TRUSTe to lodge a complaint, you must include the following information: the name of company, the alleged privacy violation, your contact information, and whether you would like the particulars of your complaint shared with the company. For information about TRUSTe or the operation of TRUSTe's dispute resolution process, click here or request this information from TRUSTe at any of the addresses listed above. The TRUSTe dispute resolution process shall be conducted in English.Should we elect to change our privacy policy we will post the changes here. Where the changes are significant, we may also choose to email all our registered users with the new details. Where required by law, will we obtain your consent to make these changes.

Changes to this policy by date
November 2004: cookie information moved to separate page; Data Protection Commissioner changed to Information Commissioner; legal information under the Data Protection Act added.
May 2008: principles updated to provide more detail on protections and limits on data usage and confirmation about the use of data processors; contact details updated.
August 2009: contact details updated, useful links updated, some headings added and a new section headed "advertising and affiliate links" added.
July 2011: Principles updated to include further information on marketing preferences, contact details, further information provided about online behavioural advertising, cookies, and the 'Who we share data with' section has been updated.
September 2011: Websites covered expanded to include guardiannews.com, information on use of children's data added.
October 2011: Information on plugins and dispute resolution for Guardian News & Media LLC added.
February 2012: Additional provision included in 'How we use your information' to address certain data that we may collect, especially in the context of certain Apps and geographical location data.
April 2012: Information on logging onto our sites using social networking log-ins as a means of authentication.
February 2013: Applicability of policy to other websites and applications added.
May 2013: Information on mobile device advertising added.
July 2013: References to guardian.co.uk and guardiannews.com replaced with references to theguardian.com.
August 2013: Policy reviewed by the Plain English Campaign and awarded Crystal Mark.craigslist Privacy Policy (updated December 5, 2013)
terms of use  |   feedback

This policy details how data about you is collected/used/disclosed when you visit our websites and services (together, "CL") or otherwise interact with us. If we update it, we will revise the date, place notices on CL if a change is material, and/or obtain your consent as required by law.We take precautions to prevent unauthorized access to or misuse of data about you.
We do not run ads, other than classified ads posted by our users.
We do not share your data with third parties for marketing purposes.
We do not engage in cross-marketing or link-referral programs with other sites.
We do not employ tracking devices for marketing purposes.
We do not send you unsolicited communications for marketing purposes.
We do not engage in affiliate marketing (and prohibit it on CL).
We do provide email proxy & relay to reduce unwanted mail.
CL links to third party sites - please review their privacy policies.data you post on CL, or send us directly or via other sites. Please do not post private data.
credit card data, which is transmitted to payment processors via a security protocol (e.g. SSL).
data you provide (e.g. email address, name, address, phone, fax, photos, tax ID).
web log data (e.g. pages viewed, access times, IP address, HTTP headers).
data collected via cookies (e.g. keyword searches and "favorites" lists).
data about your devices (e.g. screen size, DOM local storage, plugins).
data from 3rd parties (e.g. phone type, general location derived from IP address).We retain data as long as needed for our business purposes and/or as required by law.
We make good faith efforts to store data securely, but make no guarantees.
You may access and update certain data about you by logging into your account.to vendors and service providers (e.g. payment processors) working on our behalf.
to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process.
to protect our rights, property, or safety, or that of our users or the general public.
with your consent (e.g. if you authorize us to share data with other users).
in connection with a merger, bankruptcy, or sale/transfer of assets to another company.
in aggregate or summary form, as long as it cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
International Users - By visiting CL or providing us data, you agree we may use and disclose data we collect for purposes listed here or as communicated to you, transmit it outside your resident jurisdiction, and store it on servers in the United States. For more information please contact our privacy officer at privacy@craigslist.org.Privacy Policy



We at Lyricsfreak.com respect the privacy concerns of the users of this site and have created this privacy policy to explain (1) what information we gather from you when you visit our site, (2) how we may use such information, (3) your choices concerning how we may use such information and (4) the security measures we take to protect such information. Some information is collected on this site automatically through our technology; other information is collected only when you choose to give it to us (e.g., when you set up an account, register for a contest or sign up for a specific online transaction).When you visit this site, certain non-personally identifying information is recorded automatically by the standard operation of our Internet servers. Information such as the type of browser being used, its operating system, and your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address (a number that your Internet service provider assigns to your computer whenever you surf the Internet) is gathered in order to facilitate our online operations and to assure an efficient online experience for you. We may use or share this information for security purposes, to generate group statistics about our user community, or as required by law.

Among the purposes for which we may use such generally non-personally identifying information is for identification purposes in the event of an emergency threatening life or property, or where proper legal process allows using such information. For instance, we may use your IP address or other automatically recorded information, in cooperation with your Internet provider, to attempt to identify you if it is necessary to contact you or to bring legal action against you because you are violating the Terms of Service for use for this site, may be causing injury to or interference (intentionally or unintentionally) with our company's rights or property, or may be adversely affecting other users of this site or anyone else who could be harmed by your activities.We may request personally identifying information from you in a variety of contexts. For example, you may provide such data to us if you: (1) complete an online registration form (e.g., registering for an account, various sign-up forms for receiving email newsletters, registering for special offers, entering a contest/sweepstakes or responding to a survey); (2) fill out an order form to request information; (3) register to participate in message boards and chat rooms (if any) and other community features; or (4) purchase any products or services from us or another Lyricsfreak.com business.

In such cases, the personally identifying information we request may include your name, email address, mailing address and zip code, phone number, and, where appropriate, a valid credit card number with expiration date (collectively, "Personal Information"). In addition, we may collect other non-personally identifying information such as your date of birth, gender, country of residence, language preference, hobbies and other information regarding your interaction with our site such as your viewing and listening habits, preferences and other customized activities in which you participate. Of course, you never have to answer any of the questions we ask you (nor choose to view or listen to any multimedia content or otherwise interact with our site), but refusal to do so may limit the products or services we can offer or provide to you.

When you provide Personal Information to us, we may use that data to create a "Profile Page” for you, which will be held in a database using reasonable security measures to protect the data from unauthorized access. Others outside Lyricsfreak.com will not be allowed to see the data on your Profile Page except with your consent (see below). If you register to set up an account, you will be able to access your Profile Page at any time in order to update your individual Personal Information listed therein (see below under "How Can You Correct or Review Your Personal Information?" for more details).Within Lyricsfreak.com

When you purchase products or services from Lyricsfreak.com we will use your Personal Information to fulfill your order and for customer service. Many online customers are particularly concerned about their credit card information, which we will share only as required by companies involved in your transaction (e.g., fulfillment, billing, mailing, storage or delivery services). We will not share your credit card information with any other Lyricsfreak.com company or third party unless that company needs the number for the fulfillment or delivery of your order. We do not rent, sell or share credit card information with promotional partners or other third parties.

We may have links to third party-operated sites that sell or license certain music, videos, or other goods mentioned, provided, or promoted on Lyricsfreak.com. Unless a site is within the Lyricsfreak.com domain (as generally indicated by a web address beginning with www.Lyricsfreak.com), it is not operated or controlled by Lyricsfreak.com, and any transactions that you may enter into with such sites will be subject to the privacy and security practices of the merchant with which you are transacting. Lyricsfreak.com and its parent company are not responsible for the privacy and security practices of sites not in our immediate control.

We may use your Personal Information and other non-personally identifying information we collect to update you about our products or services or to contact you about exciting offers of new products or services that we believe may be of interest to you. You always have the option to receive fewer or no communications in the future from us by opting out. You may opt out by following the instructions included in the specific communication you no longer wish to receive or by sending an email to Webmaster email and explaining how you would like to modify your preferences.

With Other Lyricsfreak.com-Related Companies

When you give Personal Information to Lyricsfreak.com, we may share that data (together with non-personally identifying information you may provide) with other Lyricsfreak.com related companies. As a result of this sharing, you may receive communications from other Lyricsfreak.com related companies that include offers of products or services tailored to your interests. These communications might include, for example, emails or mailed literature about new products or services, promotions, discounts, sales, openings of new facilities or websites or other similar information.

You have the option to receive fewer or no communications in the future from other Lyricsfreak.com-related companies that we may provide your information to by following the instructions included in the specific communication you no longer wish to receive, or by sending an email to Webmaster email and explaining how you would like to modify your preferences.

Finally, without any specific approval from you, we may develop general aggregate data (i.e., data that cannot be used to identify specific individuals) about our user community that is partly based on information about you and your transactions with Lyricsfreak.com. For example, hypothetically, you might be one of 1,000,000 customers between the ages of 25 and 35. We may share such aggregate statistics with other Lyricsfreak.com-related companies without your consent.

Contest Sponsors
When you give Personal Information to Lyricsfreak.com in connection with a contest, we may share that data (together with non-personally identifying information you may provide) with the sponsor or sponsors of such contest. By entering a contest, you are allowing such sponsor or sponsors to use such Personal Information and to contact you in connection with the contest and in accordance with their own privacy policies.

Outside Lyricsfreak.com
When you give Personal Information to Lyricsfreak.com, we may ask you to allow us to share that data (together with non-personally identifying information you may provide) with our promotional partners and third-party advertisers. In such instances, our general practice is to ask you to "opt-in" to share such data and information on, for example, a specific promotion, registration page or sweepstakes. However, in some instances, we may ask you to "opt-out" from sharing such data and information with a given promotional partner or third party advertiser in connection with a specific promotion, registration page or sweepstakes. If you prefer, you may give us blanket permission to share your Personal Information with all of our promotional partners and third-party advertisers. Conversely, you may also choose not to allow us to share your Personal Information with any other companies outside Lyricsfreak.com.

If you consent to share your Personal Information with our promotional partners and third-party advertisers, you are allowing such parties to use such Personal Information and to contact you in accordance with their own privacy policies. You have the option to change your mind and to stop us from further sharing your Personal Information with our promotional partners and third-party advertisers by contacting Webmaster email and explaining how you would like to modify your preferences. We will not retrieve any Personal Information shared with our promotional partners and third-party advertisers prior to your decision to opt-out. If you wish to limit or discontinue receiving further communications from a promotional partner or third-party advertiser, please contact that company directly in the manner indicated in its own communications with you.

Without any specific approval from you, Lyricsfreak.com may develop general aggregate data (i.e., data that cannot be used to identify specific individuals) about you that is partly based on information about you and your transactions us. We may share such aggregate statistics with promotional partners and third-party advertisers without your consent.

Finally, we may use your Personal Information in connection with third-party advertisers who serve ads to you while visiting a Lyricsfreak.com site. These third-party advertisers may use your Personal Information (not including any personally identifying information you may provide) in order to generate advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you would like to know more about this practice and to obtain information about how third-party advertisers use your Personal Information to select advertisements please click here.

For Legal Enforcement Purposes
We reserve the right to disclose your Personal Information, including credit card information, as required by law or in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against you if you are violating the Terms of Service for this site or may be causing injury to or interference (intentionally or unintentionally) with our company's rights or property, other users of this site or anyone else who could be harmed by your activities. In such circumstances, we will, where possible, require such third parties to maintain the confidentiality of any Personal Information so disclosed.

As an Asset of Lyricsfreak.com
We thank you for entrusting us with your Personal Information, and also should inform you that for business purposes, the information that you provide and that we collect through your usage of the service is also an asset of Lyricsfreak.com and will become part of our normal business records. If Lyricsfreak.com or a substantial part of our business is sold or otherwise transferred to a third party, such as a legal successor in interest, your Personal Information may be transferred to that third party.You can access, review, update and correct Personal Information you have provided us by accessing your Profile Page. If you prefer, you can also contact us by sending an email to Webmaster email and explaining how you would like to modify your preferences.Lyricsfreak.com cares about the security of your Personal Information. We follow generally accepted industry security standards to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security and correctly use such Personal Information. When you provide credit card information, we use secure socket layer (SSL) encryption for that data. Despite many advances in information security technology and procedures, however, no commercially deployed method of information transfer over the Internet or electronic data storage is known to be 100% secure. As a result, while we do strive to use modern and commercially reasonable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of that information during its transmission or its storage in our systems.We are a general audience site that does not knowingly collect data or accept registrations from children under 13 years of age. Currently, we do not collect any age-specific data on our site. If, in the future, we decide to collect any age-specific data on our site, we will, at a minimum, take reasonable steps to ensure that any users who may be under 13 years of age (and who attempt to complete the registration process on our site) are directed to another site within the Lyricsfreak.com family which specifically complies with the requirements of the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, or COPPA.A "cookie" is a small text file that an Internet site can place on your computer's hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies make using this site easier by, among other things, saving your passwords and preferences for you, keeping track of your shopping cart when you visit an online store or other similar purposes, and to help identify you whenever you return to our site, so you do not need to reenter your identification information. Most Internet browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. However, you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to alert you when a cookie is being sent (note: you may need to consult your browser's "Help" area for instructions on how to do that). If you choose to disable your cookies setting or refuse to accept a cookie, some parts of this site will not function properly or may perform considerably slower. For example, without cookies, you will not be able to set personalized preferences or you may have difficulty downloading tablatures, watching videos or utilizing the Community Forums. Some of our web pages may contain electronic images (called "Clear GIFs", "Single-Pixel GIFs", or "Web Beacons") that allow us to count page views or to access cookies. In general, any electronic image viewed as part of a web page, including an ad banner, can act as a Clear GIF. Typically, though, Clear GIFs are very small (1-by-1 pixel size) files. They are often invisible on a web page, but their presence can be detected within many Internet browsers by setting your browser to view web page "sources". Clear GIFs are so small in order not to use valuable space on the computer screen that is better used to display helpful content. We may also include Clear GIFs in our email products in order to determine information about the opening and reading of such emails. In addition, some advertising networks that serve ads on our web site may occasionally use Clear GIFs 
within banner advertisements. Clear GIFs set by Lyricsfreak.com generally are not used to collect, gather, monitor, or share personal information about our users, though they can be used in conjunction with cookies to record particular actions. We use Clear GIFs primarily to compile aggregated, anonymous statistics about web site or email product usage.If you visit a message board, chat room or utilize an instant messaging service on this site, if any, you are solely responsible for the content of messages you post there. You should be aware that when you voluntarily disclose Personal Information (for example, your name, street address, email address, or telephone number) on message boards, chat rooms or instant messaging services, that information can be read, collected and used by other users of these services and may result in unsolicited messages, both commercial and otherwise. You agree that by participating in such online public forums, you will not use such forums for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by the Lyricsfreak.com community guidelines that may be in effect from time to time in connection with such service. We reserve the right to terminate your access to this site or to take other protective steps if you violate those terms.We do not endorse and are not responsible for the content or practices of web sites operated by companies outside of Lyricsfreak.com that may be linked to this site. You should not assume that their privacy policies or practices are the same as those followed by our company or by other Lyricsfreak.com companies. Visitors to any such web sites should refer to their respective privacy policies and practices.If you have any questions or complaints about our Privacy Policy, you can contact our customer service department at Webmaster email. When we receive such inquiries about our Privacy Policy, we will use the Personal Information (such as your email address) only to respond to your question or comment. However, if your question raises one or more issues that affect our promotional partners, we may also share your question with them in order to provide a response.We reserve the right to modify, alter or otherwise update this Privacy Policy at any time, so we encourage you to review this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we make changes that we consider material in our privacy practices, we will notify you in this space. We may also attempt to notify you of any such material changes to our privacy practices via email or by placing a notice on our home page.By using this site, you consent to the collection and use of your Personal Information by Lyricsfreak.com in accordance with this Privacy Policy.Privacy & Cookie Policy

Updated 16 August 20131.1 The website www.paddypower.com and its associated Paddy Power branded websites (the "Websites"), the Mobile, Tablet and TV Betting Apps (including the Rollercasino brand at www.rollercasino.com and www.rollercasino.mobi and any other Paddy Power Apps all of which together are referred to as the "Betting Apps"), Paddy Power Text Betting ("Text Betting") and Paddy Power Dial-a-Bet ("Dial-a-Bet") are operated and controlled by Paddy Power Isle of Man Limited ("PPIOM") and Paddy Power Online Limited ("PPOL").  PPIOM and PPOL are wholly owned subsidiaries of Paddy Power plc., of Power Tower, Belfield Office Park, Beech Hill Road, Clonskeagh, Dublin 4,  Ireland.   Paddy Power plc.  and all entities within its group of companies shall be referred to herein as "Paddy Power".

1.2 Together, the Websites, the Betting Apps, Dial-a-Bet and Text Betting are referred to collectively herein as the "Paddy Power Services".  Together, Paddy Power Services and the Additional Gaming Services (as defined in the Paddy Power Remote Gambling Terms & Conditions) are referred to collectively herein as the "Services".

1.3 This Privacy and Cookie Policy applies to the Services referred to above as well as other services and websites not expressly referred to that are provided by Paddy Power, including, without limitation, www.paddypowerpoker.com, www.paddypowercasino.com, www.paddypowerplayer.com, www.rollercasino.com and www.betdash.com (which websites are referred to together as the "Websites").

1.4 All customers who registered for any of the Services prior to 8 March 2010 are registered and transacting with PPIOM.  All customers that register for any of the Services on or after 8 March 2010 are registered (or will be registering, in the case of new customers) and transacting with PPOL.

1.5 This Privacy and Cookie Policy sets out the basis on which any personal information we collect from you or that you provide to us will be processed by us.  Paddy Power has created this Privacy and Cookie Policy in order to demonstrate our commitment to preserving the privacy of all visitors to our Websites and customers of our Services.  We are committed to ensuring that all Services and activities made available through our Websites are provided in a safe and secure environment.2.1 Your use of the Services will constitute acceptance of the then current Privacy and Cookie Policy, to include any amendments thereto.  Please read this policy carefully to ensure that you understand our views and practices regarding the capture, retention, processing and transfer (where applicable) of your information.  If you do not agree to accept and be bound by the Privacy and Cookie Policy, please discontinue your use of the Services.3.1 Paddy Power reserves the right to amend the Privacy and Cookie Policy at any time.  Any such revision will be binding and effective immediately on posting notification of such changes on the Website.  The date on which the then current Privacy and Cookie Policy came into force will be as stated at the top of this Privacy and Cookie Policy.  Please check this Privacy and Cookie Policy frequently for updates.4.1 We collect information about you during the account registration process for any of our Services.  This information may include, but is not limited to your name, postal address, e-mail address, phone number, credit/debit card details and any other mandatory details as might be requested from you for the purpose of registration and/or continued use of our Services.

4.2 We may also collect and process the following data about you during the course of  your use of our Services:
(a) if you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence;
(b) your entry details for a competition or promotion;
(c) details of your visits to our Services and the resources and webpages that you access including, without limitation, traffic data, location data and other communication data (including IP address).  We do not extract any personal information (e.g. email address or name) that may be in a web browser's user preference file;
(d) technical information relating to the device that you use to access our Services;
(e) information and communications on forums on the Websites, including chat rooms and message boards;
(f) information we collect using cookies stored on your device about how you use our Services and/or selected third party websites.  For more information on cookies please refer to section 8 below;
(g) where you communicate or share information with Us or other users of our Services through player forums, message boards, profile comments, in-game challenges and chat messaging with game operators or other users;
(h) your telephone conversations - either to place a bet or a customer service call - these may be recorded both to assist us in training and in quality management, and to allow for the speedy resolution of queries; and
(i) your betting, gaming, payments and other account transactions – these are routinely analysed so as to assist us in improving the Services we provide to you.

You acknowledge and consent to the recording and retention of such information for these purposes.
4.3 Our Services are not intended for individuals under the age of 18 and we do not knowingly record or retain any personal information from such individuals. In the event that we inadvertently gather personal information in relation to a minor, we will take reasonable measures to promptly close any relevant accounts and remove any records where possible, other than such information as will allow us to identify and prevent future access from such individuals.5.1 The information that we collect is used by Us in order to process your transactions and requests and for any other purposes set out herein.  This processing includes, in certain circumstances, the transfer of your information to our third party data processors who assist with the performance of certain Services or elements thereof.  Your information may be processed in the following ways:
(a) for general account management and processing of your transactions via your banking service provider;
(b) for the provision of betting services;
(c) to help identify you;
(d) to verify your age and accuracy of your registration details, including disclosure of such information to third parties e.g. financial institutions and third party reference agencies;
(e) to serve appropriate and tailored marketing material and content via SMS, email, phone, push notification, post or otherwise, in accordance with your marketing preferences;
(f) to help diagnose system problems and to administer our Website;
(g) to gather broad demographic information about you, such as determining whether you are a user from outside the UK;
(h) to monitor and improve our Services;
(i) to carry out customer research, testing and analysis;
(j) to carry out risk management;
(k) to detect and report fraud, cheating and money laundering; and
(l) to enable us to comply with any legal or regulatory requirements.6.1 As with any social network, please be aware that the Facebook In-Play App involves the sharing of certain data with the rest of the community in that network.

6.2 For users of the Facebook In-Play App we may also collect and process, as allowed by you through the Facebook App authentication process, certain additional information from Facebook, including;
(a) Your first and last name;
(b) Your profile picture or its URL;
(c) Your user ID number, which is linked to publicly available information as name and profile photo;
(d) The user ID numbers and other public data of your friends;
(e) The login email you provided to Facebook when you registered;
(f) Your physical location and that of your access devices;
(g) Your likes and your friends likes;
(h) Your gender; and
(i) Your date of birth.

6.3 For users of the Facebook In-Play App we may also share or notify your information, as authorised by you through the App and Facebook settings, through a number of features within the App and via auto-posting to your Facebook profile. The App may restrict the quantity of notifications that are posted on a daily basis so each In-Play activity may not automatically be posted to your profile. Notification types will include, but are not limited to:
(a) Bet placement (including those where a free bet is used);
(b) Bet win (including single and multiple bets;
(c) Challenges submitted, won and lost;
(d) New followers; and
(e) Player profile heat index changes.

6.4 We consider elements of the data outlined in 6.2 and 6.3 above to be public information, which may be accessed by the rest of the community, including your friends, followers or other users of the App. However, we also treat certain other information as private, which will never be visible or accessible to the rest of the community. This private information includes your account balance, bet stake amount, winning or loss amount for any bet.

6.5 Any user of the App can choose to follow you. Where someone chooses to follow you, you will receive an individual notification to this effect within the App. You do not have the ability to restrict or control which individuals are permitted to follow you. Your followers, friends and other users of the In-Play App will have the ability to access your In-Play profile and public information including details of challenges, awards, heat index, your position on leaderboards, a limited view of your betting history, competition standings and achievements.

6.6 If you do not wish to share certain data with the community and the existing control settings within the In-Play App or Facebook do not enable you to restrict that sharing, please discontinue your use of this service and we suggest instead that you use our other non-social networking Services such as www.paddypower.com.7.1 As part of the initial account registration process you are provided with an opportunity to record your marketing preferences.  We endeavour at all times to respect these and not send you communications in contravention of your wishes.

7.2 Where you have agreed to receive such communications we may use your information and personal details to contact you with marketing messages by SMS, email, phone, post or otherwise.  We will do this during the period of your relationship with us and, unless specifically instructed otherwise by you, for a reasonable period of time after the relationship has ended in order to inform you about products, services, promotions and special offers which we feel may be of interest to you.  These marketing messages will provide you with information about our own products and services and information about products and services provided by our selected partners and third parties.

7.3 With your consent we may also send push notifications to your mobile device to provide game updates, communicate offers, promotions and other relevant messages. You can manage push notifications from your device's settings page for the relevant App.

7.4 You can opt out from receiving or opt in to receive such marketing communications in future by contacting our support team through one of the options available in our Help Centre.  You will also be able to opt out by following the respective unsubscribe or opt out mechanisms detailed in our electronic communications.8.1 Certain information about you, including personal information, may be collected through the use of cookies when you use our Services and/or visit selected third party sites.  Some of these cookies are essential for the Websites to operate and ensure that we provide the services you requested.  By using our Services you agree to the use of certain non-essential cookies unless you set your browser to reject them.

8.2 A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your computers hard drive or browser.  We use cookies and the information contained therein for a number of purposes including but not limited to:
• tracking the duration of visits and content accessed; and
• storing frequently used user information to personalise your online experience and ease the log-in process.

8.3 Set out below is an indicative list of the types of cookies we use:
Cookie type 	Purpose 	More information
Visitor ID Cookie 	An anonymous identifier used to recognise a visitor across visits. 	It may be used to identify repeat visits and analyse cross visit behaviour.
Tracking Cookie 	An account related ID used to recognise customers and maintain your session on site. 	It may be used to link site usage information with transactional information when analysing and optimising the user experience.
Customisation Cookie 	Used to customise your experience 	A unique ID used to recognise you as a returning visitor and customise your experience on our Websites.
Testing Cookies 	Anonymous cookie used to randomly serve variants of content and to maintain a visitor's view of that content. 	It may also be used to record a variants performance in achieving goals such as helping visitors to register
Analytics Cookies 	These are used to collect information about how visitors use our Websites. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the Websites. 	The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the Websites, where visitors have come to the Websites from and the pages they visited.

8.4 You may block cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies.  However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our Websites.  Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies as soon you visit our Site.  Further information on cookies and how websites use them can be obtained at www.cookiecentral.com

8.5 Please note: Due to certain technical constraints the Paddy Power site(s) cannot recognise any cookie preferences in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10. In order for your browser level cookie preferences to be detected please access our site(s) from an alternative browser.9.1 Paddy Power may share customer information with trusted third parties in order to create a safer environment and to enhance the end-user experience.

9.2 In order to prevent fraud, cheating and money laundering we may disclose your information and betting and gaming history to third parties including, but not limited to, any relevant regulator, gaming and sporting bodies, financial institutions and law enforcement agencies or any other body that deals with the investigation of alleged offences.

9.3 We may disclose your personal information to third parties if some or all of our assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by us may be one of the transferred assets.

9.4 We may disclose your personal information to third parties if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation.

9.5 Paddy Power plc operates businesses in multiple jurisdictions some of which are not located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”).  Countries outside the EEA do not always have strong data protection laws.  We may from time to time transfer your data from one Paddy Power company to another one or to one of our authorised service providers for customer service, business management or for any of the purposes described herein.  We will ensure that each Paddy Power company and their service providers process your information under strict contractual instruction, in a secure manner and in accordance with this Privacy and Cookie Policy.10.1 Paddy Power recognises that online security is an area of vital importance for all our customers.  It is imperative that you should have full confidence that your personal details are secure before you register an account.  We employ security measures to protect your information from access by unauthorised persons and to prevent unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction and damage.  Paddy Power uses at least 128 bit SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption when transmitting sensitive information across the internet, which is certified by Thawte.  This means that all personal and financial information sent to and from the Website are encrypted in accordance with good industry practice.

10.2 In order to protect both ourselves and our customers from identity theft we may verify the information you have provided with our banking institutions over secure lines.  Again this is carried out in accordance with our data protection obligations.

10.3 Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our websites, you are responsible for keeping the password, as well as any means to manage the password such as a registered email address, secure and confidential at all times.

10.4 As the security of all communications via the internet is not completely secure Paddy Power cannot guarantee the security of any information that you disclose online.  You accept the inherent security implications of using the internet and Paddy Power will accept no liability for any direct, consequential, incidental, indirect, or punitive losses or damages arising out of such an occurrence.

10.5 While Paddy Power follows best practice, including but not limited to implementing administrative, technical and physical measures to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft and misuse you should also take personal steps to protect the security of your data both physically and electronically by following common best practice procedures such as:
(a) running Anti-Virus software and keeping it up to date;
(b) applying operating system, web browser and other security updates;
(c) ensuring your PC or other device is not left unattended whilst logged into our Websites; and
(d) using strong passwords for all Services and logins.11.1 You are entitled and we require you to have any inaccurate information corrected so please ensure that you notify us of any updates, amendments and corrections to your information by logging into the ‘My Account' section of your online account and amending your ‘Contact Details' section or by contacting our support team through one of the options available in our Help Centre. .

11.2 You also have a right to request a copy of any personal information that we hold about you.  Should you wish to make such a request you should contact us in writing at: Paddy Power Plc, Power Tower, Belfield Office Park, Beech Hill Road, Clonskeagh, Dublin 4, Ireland marked “Data Access Request”.  You should include adequate information to identify yourself and such other relevant information that will reasonably assist us in fulfilling your request.  Your request will be dealt with as soon as possible.  We are entitled to charge an administration fee for processing such requests.12.1 We only keep your information for as long as is necessary for the purpose for which it was originally obtained.  Please note that we may be required in certain circumstances to retain your information indefinitely (for example under our procedures on responsible gambling and self-exclusion).

12.2 We will take all necessary steps to ensure that the privacy of information is maintained upon disposal.13.1 The Websites contain links to other sites.  Paddy Power is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.Privacy PolicyThis Website is run by Patient.co.uk.

Patient.co.uk is a brand name of Egton Medical Information Systems Limited, a company registered in England with company number 2117205 with registered offices at Rawdon House, Green Lane, Yeadon, Leeds, LS19 7BY.Patient.co.uk operates by the following principles:
We do our best to protect your personal details and other information about your account. We are constantly reviewing our processes and procedures to protect your personal information from unauthorised access and use, accidental loss and/or destruction.
We will respect your privacy. You should receive marketing emails only from Patient.co.uk. It will be made clear to you where you have these choices, for example, tick boxes will let you decide whether you wish to receive marketing or newsletters. We may, however, email you occasionally with information or queries about your registration, your subscription account, your Website activity or postings, for example, with reminders, confirmations, warnings or copyright requests.
Sometimes we use other organisations to process your personal information on our behalf. Such processing shall comply with appropriate security measures. We may also independently audit these service providers to ensure that they meet our standards. We may use service providers to help us run the Website or services available on the Website, some of whom may be based outside the EEA.
We explicitly ask when we need information that personally identifies you ("Personal Information"). For example, when you register with the Patient.co.uk discussion forums you are asked for an e-mail address, password and nickname.
We may use technology to track the patterns of behaviour of visitors to our site. This can include using a "cookie" which would be stored on your browser. You can modify your browser to prevent this happening. The information collected in this way can be used to identify you unless you modify your browser settings. For more information on cookies and to learn how to change your settings, read our cookie policy.
If at any time you believe that Patient.co.uk has not adhered to these principles, please notify us by e-mail to the webmaster, and we will use all commercially reasonable efforts to determine and correct the problem promptly.LiveJournal Inc. takes your privacy seriously. We are committed to making best efforts to protect your personal information and to give you as much control as possible over the privacy of the content you post on the Service. This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) applies to the LiveJournal Service worldwide (the “Service”), but may not cover the content you share with third party advertisers, web developers, or service providers that may appear on the Service, or support LiveJournal products or services, which are subject to their respective privacy policies.

Safe Harbor Principles: LiveJournal is a social media platform that hosts user-generated content. LiveJournal does not control, condone, endorse, or assume responsibility for any of the content posted by our users. LiveJournal complies with the http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/ U.S. Department of Commerce's Safe Harbor Program, and is committed to resolving complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information.  European Union citizens with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact LiveJournal at:

LiveJournal, Inc.
Attn: Safe Harbor Compliance Unit
28 2nd St. Third Floor
San Francisco, CA 94104Registration: LiveJournal collects certain personal information when you register for the Service, including your name, date of birth, contact information (collectively, “identifiable personal information”). We ask for your date of birth in order to verify that you are over 13 years of age, but you are free to hide your date of birth or just the year you were born as well as all other identifiable personal information that you do not wish to share.

Profile: You are encouraged to provide as much non-identifiable personal information as you like once you register for the Service, including your interests, schools, and other biographical data. This will help you find friends and communities on the Service. LiveJournal will not resell your identifiable personal information to third parties. We may, however, aggregate and share generalized data and demographic information about you, such as your age, gender, geographic region, and analytical data describing your use of, and interaction with, any part of the Service, including, but not limited to, third party products, services, sponsored contests, sweepstakes, and advertisements.

Transactions: LiveJournal may collect and retain records regarding purchases you make on the Service as well as transactions involving third party products, services, and other offerings.

Browser: LiveJournal automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, cookies, and the pages you request.LiveJournal may occasionally obtain IP addresses from users, depending upon how you access the Service. By posting to another user's Journal or a Community, you may display your IP address, depending on the settings of that Journal or Community. IP addresses, browser, and session information may be used for a variety of reasons, including to:

Diagnose and prevent service or technology problems reported by our users or engineers.
Estimate the number of users visiting LiveJournal from various geographic regions.
Track public and internal access to content, services, and/or resources.
Monitor and prevent fraud, Spam, and abuse.
Deliver more relevant advertisements to you.A cookie is a small amount of data that often includes an anonymous unique identifier that is sent to your browser from a web site's computers and stored on your computer's hard drive. You can configure your browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set. If you configure your browser to reject cookies, however, you may not be able to use some LiveJournal or third party products or services. LiveJournal allows some third parties that advertise and/or offer products and services on the Service to set and access their cookies on your computer when you visit their web sites, subject to their respective privacy policies. Third parties are not granted access to LiveJournal's cookies.You must be at least 13 years of age to use the Service. Users who are found to be under 13 years of age may be suspended from the Service without notice. Users who are over 18 years of age and who register as being under 18 years of age may be suspended without notice. Users who are under 18 years of age and who register as being over 18 years of age may be suspended without notice. Any content that is determined to have been posted by a user who was under 13 at the time of posting will also be deleted. We will not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13, and any information inadvertently gathered will be promptly deleted.LiveJournal: Whenever you post and/or provide personal information through use of this Service, you understand that you are sharing your information with LiveJournal, organizations that may hold an interest in LiveJournal, their divisions and/or subsidiaries, and any of LiveJournal's divisions and/or subsidiaries, and/or assigns. Their use of your personal information is subject to this Policy, but may be modified anytime by posting an updated Policy at this URL. It is your responsibility to check this Policy on a regular basis. Use of the Service constitutes your consent to the terms described herein.

No Resale of Identifiable Personal Information: We will not share or resell your identifiable personal information to third parties for direct marketing purposes. LiveJournal may display relevant ads based on non-identifiable personal information, such as browser type, region detected on the basis of information located in the Network field of the Internet Address, and your use of, and interaction with, any part of the Service.

Billing: LiveJournal may use your personal information in order to investigate or complete a transaction (such as processing a payment for a service you ordered).

Email: LiveJournal may use your email address to contact you regarding important Account or Service updates. We will do our best to offer an opportunity to opt-out of non-essential communications.

Username: Whenever you post content or send a message on the Service, your LiveJournal ID (“Username”) may be visible to other users, depending on your privacy settings. Any information you post on the Service, including, but not limited to, content posted in your Journal, Communities, or your Profile page, may be accessible through use of your Username.

Public Content: Whenever you post content on the Service and set the privacy setting to “Public” or “Everybody,” you understand that this information may be accessible by anyone with Internet access, whether or not they are logged into LiveJournal. In addition, any content you post publicly may result in unsolicited communications from other parties. You should further understand that any personally identifiable information and/or content that you post on LiveJournal that is viewable by other users may be copied and/or shared without your consent. LiveJournal cannot be responsible for any loss or damages relating to any information you post on the Service. LiveJournal may repost public entries, in whole or in part, on the LiveJournal homepage or other LiveJournal pages in order to help users find friends and communities based on mutual interests.

Third Parties: LiveJournal may share your identifiable personal information with third parties under the following circumstances:

Operations: In the course of business, it may be necessary to grant access to internal systems that contain your personal information in order to improve our operations and Service, including, but not limited to, outside service providers, contractors, and vendors. Whenever practicable, we will obtain confidentiality agreements that are consistent with this policy and take reasonable measures to limit access to your personal information.
Sponsored Contests and Giveaways: Should you choose to participate in a sponsored contest, sweepstake, or give-away and/or if you request information from a third party advertiser or service provider, we may transfer personal information that you have specifically agreed to share. We will do our best to warn you when you are agreeing to share your information with a third party and let you know whether the third party's privacy policy applies.
Ad Service: LiveJournal may deliver relevant ads to you based on general demographic data, stated interests, and/or your use of, and interaction with, any part of the Service, subject to your privacy settings and Account type, as described in our TOS, which is integrated by reference herein. LiveJournal will not share your identifiable personal information with third party advertisers, but may aggregate and share non-identifiable generalized data about you with third parties, including demographic information and your viewing of, and interaction with, advertisements displayed on the Service in order to improve the relevancy of ad service, third party offerings, and related campaigns.
Ad Networks: Advertisements that appear on LiveJournal may be delivered to users by LiveJournal or one of our advertising partners (or "ad networks"). Ad networks include third party ad servers, ad technology vendors, and/or research firms. Ad networks may set cookies and/or include a file, called a web beacon, enabling ad networks to provide auditing, research, and/or reporting to advertisers. Please note that none of your identifiable personal information will be shared with our advertisers through their use of cookies or web beacons.
Third Parties: LiveJournal works with third parties, including advertising companies and website analysis firms, who use their own cookies to collect non-personally identifiable information about your surfing activities when you visit our site and other third party sites. This non-personally identifiable information is typically used by these third party advertising networks to serve you advertisements tailored to meet your preferences (and likely interests) while you are on our site and others. If you want to prevent a third-party advertiser from collecting data your non-personally identifiable information, you may either visit each ad network's web site individually and opt out, or visit the NAI gateway opt-out site to opt-out of all network advertising cookies of NAI members. Click here for the NAI gateway opt-out site, http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp.
Legal Process: We may share your personal information to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, to establish and/or exercise our legal rights, or to defend against legal claims under U.S. law.
Safety and Security: We may share your personal information with U.S. Law enforcement officers to investigate, prevent, or take action to prevent or stop illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of LiveJournal's TOS, and/or if it is necessary to comply with, and/or cure a potential violation or breach of, U.S. law.
Sale of Business: In the course of business, we might negotiate to sell all or part of our business. In such transactions, your personal information may be shared or transferred to the buyer, but shall remain subject to this Policy. Such Policy may, however, be updated or amended at any time. The revised policy will be posted here for your review.Internet Security: Any content posted over the Internet or a wireless network cannot be guaranteed 100% private or secure. Whenever you post content anywhere on the Service, we will make reasonable efforts to ensure your privacy in the following manner:

Safeguards: We use physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect your personal information.
Passwords: We require you log-in with a password to access personal Account information.
Encryption: In certain areas, LiveJournal uses industry-standard SSL-encryption to protect data transmissions. Please note that this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, or altered by breach of our firewalls and secure server software.
Security Breach: If LiveJournal learns of a security systems breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. We may also post to the LiveJournal News and/or Support pages.
Email: By using this web site or providing personal information to us you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy and administrative issues. Please note that we will never ask you to submit personal information or to verify the status of your personal information in any electronic communication. Should you ever receive an email that appears to be from LiveJournal asking for your personal information, do not respond to that email, and forward it to our customer care team at privacy@livejournal.com.Account Information: You can edit your LiveJournal Account information at any time.

Account Deletion: You can delete your LiveJournal account at any time by visiting our Account Deletion page. Please notice that it may take some time for all of your content to be deleted and purged from our servers. We reserve the right to retain and/or keep records of your personal information to the extent it is necessary to protect LiveJournal's legal interests or comply with court orders, legal process, or other regulatory requirements under U.S. law.If you have a question about this policy or have an outstanding issue regarding privacy on LiveJournal, you can submit a customer support request at http://www.livejournal.com/support/submit.bml. If you have a pressing issue that requires prompt assistance, please email us directly at privacy@livejournal.com. Please note that we will respond as quickly as possible, but it may take a few days for us to respond to your request.

Effective Date: December 12, 2010Betfair Privacy PolicyBetfair wants visitors to its website to know that we are just as concerned as you are about the privacy of any personal information that you may choose to provide us ("Personal Information"). In this respect we have invested heavily in providing a world class Information Security Management System, which has been accredited with ISO 27001 certification.

Personal Information is any information about you and may include your name and address, date of birth, payment card details, details of betting transactions and account transfers and any other information you may wish to provide. Betfair is endeavouring to ensure that our business practices that involve the use of your Personal Information are compliant with privacy regulations in the countries where we operate. Accordingly, in this policy document (the "Privacy Policy"), Betfair wants not only to advise you of your privacy rights but also explain how we intend to respect them.

Any reference to "Betfair" or the "Group" within this Privacy Policy includes Betfair Group Plc and all or any of its direct or indirect subsidiary undertakings, joint venture partners, and their related companies wherever located in the world as may exist from time to time.Personal Information may be submitted on our website in two areas:

Public Area
If you do provide your name and address on the public area of this website in order to request information about our products and services, you may voluntarily provide additional personal information. You will be asked to provide your personal information in this area for the purposes of registering with Betfair and opening an account with us.
Private Area

If you are already one of our customers and have opened an account with us, you must use a password to enter the Betfair website. A "session cookie" is used to enable you to leave and re-enter our website without re-entering your password. Our web server will record the pages you visit within our website.

To ensure a good quality of service we may monitor and record any communication you have with us whether in writing, by phone or by electronic mail. E-mail is not encrypted to / from either the public or private areas of this website. Betfair recommends that with the exception of your name and username/TAN you do not send us Personal Information by e-mail. Any information which you transmit to us is transmitted at your own risk.Betfair uses ‘cookies' in order to provide you with a better experience. To find out more about cookies, please see our Cookie Policy.Betfair will process your Personal Information in order to allow you access and make use of our website, to allow you to participate in the services offered, to administer your account, to maintain our accounts and records, to monitor website usage levels and the quality of the service we provide and to inform you, from time to time, about products and services that we consider may interest you and for related purposes. If you do not wish to receive future marketing, promotional or sales material from Betfair, you may notify us that no further material be sent to you. Our contact details are located in the 'Contact Us' pages of our website. Betfair will as soon as reasonably practicable after receiving your request, remove your contact details from our marketing database.

Betfair will also retain such information and may analyse it in order to investigate any actual or suspected criminal activity or, in respect of any event featured on our website, any threat to the integrity of that event and/or breaches of the rules of that event as laid down by the relevant governing (including sporting) bodies. All rights in the manner of recording your Personal Information held by Betfair (including copyright and database rights) are and shall remain its property.

Telephone calls and betting data relating to users will be recorded and may be actively monitored for which purposes all users hereby consent.Your Personal Information may, for the purposes described above, be transferred or disclosed to any company within the Group or, subject to appropriate agreement to third parties, for the processing of that Personal Information on our behalf. The Group may, from time to time, retain third parties to process your Personal Information for the purposes listed above and such processing will be governed by a contract in the form required by law.

Where required by law, your Personal Information may also be disclosed to an applicable governmental, regulatory, sporting or enforcement authority. Additionally, in circumstances where we deem it appropriate, your Personal Information may be disclosed to any regulatory authority (whether at the request of such authority or otherwise) which has issued Betfair with a gambling operating licence. Your Personal Information may also be disclosed to any regulatory or sporting body in connection with policing the integrity or enforcing the rules of a sport or game and/or prevention and detection of crime and with whom the Group has agreements (Memoranda of Understanding or "MOUs") from time to time for the sharing of such data and where the Group considers that there are reasonable grounds to suspect that you may be involved in a breach of such rules or the law, have knowledge of a breach of such rules or the law or otherwise pose a threat to the integrity of the relevant sport or game. Those bodies may then use your Personal Information to investigate and act on any such breaches in accordance with their procedures.

In connection with the above purposes it may be necessary, or a legal requirement, for Betfair to disclose information to entities located in countries outside the UK, Malta, the EU and Australia in each case in accordance with appropriate technical and organizational security measures. By agreeing to this policy, by use of the Betfair site or otherwise, you agree that Betfair may store and use historical data relating to you and your account(s) for the purposes outlined in this policy.

Betfair has entered into MOUs with the following regulatory and/or sporting bodies:
The British Horseracing Authority
The Association of Professional Tennis Players
The Darts Regulation Authority
The International Cricket Council
Cricket Australia
The Rugby Football League
The English Football Association
The National Horseracing Authority of South Africa
UEFA
The Greyhound Board of Great Britain
The Thoroughbred Racing Protective Bureau (US horseracing)
Grand Slam Committee
The Lawn Tennis Association
The International Tennis Federation
The WTA (Women's Professional Tennis)
The Australian Football League
The Rugby Football Union
The British Darts Organisation
The Royal Belgian Football Association
The Irish Football Association
The Turf Club (Irish horseracing)
The Football Association of Ireland
The Football Federation of Australia
Racing Victoria Limited
Racing Services Tasmania
National Rugby League Limited
Lawn Tennis Association of Australia Limited
PGA Tour of Australasia Limited
Deutscher Tennis Bund e.V (German Tennis)
Racing and Wagering Western Australia
Australian Rugby Union
Harness Racing Queensland
Thoroughbred Racing South Australia
Greyhound Racing South Australia Limited
Harness Racing South Australia
Greyhound Racing New South Wales
Racing New South Wales
Harness Racing New South Wales
The National Hockey League
World Snooker Ltd
Harness Racing Victoria
Greyhound Racing Victoria
The Tennis Integrity Unit
Racing Queensland Limited
New Zealand Racing Board
Victorian Racing Integrity Commissioner
Professional Squash Association

Further MOUs may have been entered with other organizations the details of which are available on request.By providing your Personal Information and registering with us or logging on with us when you enter our website, you explicitly consent to the Group processing and disclosing your Personal Information for the purposes, and otherwise in the manner set out in this policy, or as otherwise provided in accordance with the Terms and Conditions. If you wish to qualify, vary, modify or limit your consent in relation to marketing communications or in circumstances where any processing of your data is likely to cause damage or distress or such other circumstances as the law allows then you may do so by notifying us in writing. Our contact details are located in the 'Contact Us' pages of our website.You may at any time request a copy of your Personal Information held by Betfair in accordance with subject access rules in the Data Protection Act 2004 (Gibraltar), the Privacy Act 1988 (Australia) and the Data Protection Act 2001 (Malta).

Betfair reserves the right to change the Privacy Policy including altering the purposes for which it processes your Personal Information. In the event that Betfair considers it appropriate to make any such change, the Privacy Policy will be updated and posted on our site. Your continued use of the site will constitute acceptance of those changes.

For full details about Group members, where they operate, or for a copy of your Personal Information or any other queries you may have about our Privacy Policy, please contact us. Again, our contact details are located in the 'Contact Us' pages of our website.This Privacy Policy is to be modified for customers from Germany who are transferred by TSE Global to the www.betfair.com website by the following provisions:Customers from Germany are given access to Betfair through TSE Global Limited, Waterfront, Hammersmith Embankment, Winslow Road, London W6 9HP, email tseglobal@googlemail.com ('TSE Global'). TSE Global operates the www.betfair.de website. Customers in Germany seeking to place bets on sporting events will be connected from this website to the www.betfair.com website, which is operated by Betfair. TSE Global acts as an intermediary between you and Betfair.From www.betfair.de you will get to www.betfair.com on request. If you are already registered, you will also be taken from www.betfair.com to the www.betfair.de website. All personal information required for registration is exclusively collected and processed by Betfair.

At the www.betfair.com website, you are asked to enter your username and password. It is possible that your username and password contains personal information (e.g., if you have chosen your own name as your username). This information is exclusively collected and processed by Betfair.*Australian Event means an event that takes place on Australian soil and/or an event that is specifically identified in the relevant market information as being governed by Betfair's Australian licence.

Your Personal Information may also be disclosed to the Tasmanian Gaming Commission ("TGC") and such regulatory agencies as the TGC directs pursuant to the Gaming Control Act 1993 (Tasmania). Specifically any information relating to your use of our site may (at the TGC's direction) be monitored and recorded or otherwise provided to the following regulatory agencies:

The TGC;
The Director of Racing appointed under section 5 of the Racing Regulation Act 2004 (Tasmania);
A Council within the meaning of the Racing Regulation Act 2004 (Tasmania); and
Another person or body nominated by the TGC that either in Tasmania or elsewhere exercises powers or performs functions in respect of the conduct of racing or gaming.

NOTE: There may be restrictions placed your betting on Australian Events if you have not complied with Betfair's know your client ("KYC") processes. Further information can be found in the 'Help' pages of the website.

© 2011 The Sporting Exchange Limited. All rights reserved. BETFAIR® is a registered trade mark of The Sporting Exchange Limited.Thank you for visiting EasyCalculation.com. Your privacy is very important to us. Simply stated, our policy is to collect no personal information about you when you visit the EastCalculation.com Web site, unless you affirmatively choose to make such information available to us.

When you visit the EasyCalculation.com web site, the Web server automatically recognizes only the Internet domain and IP address from which you accessed the site. This information does not result in the identification of your personal e-mail address or other personal information.

In addition, information is only gathered regarding the volume and timing of access to the site by collecting information on the date, time and pages you visited while at the site. This is done so that the content of the site can be improved, and your personal information is not identified.

If any visitor to the site chooses to provide us with personal information, as in an email inquiry, that information will be used only to respond to the message. The information will not be used for any purpose other than to respond to the inquiry. We do not create individual profiles from the information provided or distribute the information to other organizations.

We do not collect information or profile of our visitors in any way. This Web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we, easycalculation.com, are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information.We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies.Advertisements may display on this web site and, if so, may set and access cookies on your computer; such cookies are subject to the privacy policy of the parties providing the advertisement. These parties usually use non-personally-identifiable or anonymous codes to obtain information about your visits to this site.If you want to find out more information about this practice, and to learn about your options, including your options with regard to the following companies that may serve advertising on this site.Privacy Policy
This privacy policy applies to the Ripoff Report web site. Our contact information is:
Ripoff Report
PO Box 310
Tempe AZ 85280 USA
legal@ripoffreport.com

We respect your privacy. This is why we have taken the time to disclose our information collection practices and our privacy policy. Please take the time to review this document.
Collecting information provides specific benefits to our website visitors and by providing this information, our staff can contact you regarding your report for verification or follow-up if necessary.
We collect information for the following purpose(s):
Verifying reports
Website and system administration
Research and development
Preserving social history as governed by existing law or policy
Users filing a Ripoff Report or rebuttal may opt-in if they would be willing to be contacted by the media, a consumer advocate, lawyer, or government authority to help further their cause or to help with an investigation against the business or individual
Who has access to the information we collect?

Ourselves - Unless you opt-in as mentioned above, information is only shared with the operators of this website.
Of the information we do collect, we do not provide our visitors with access to information we collect.

If you believe that our website has collected incorrect information or if you would like to dispute any information, please contact us using the address at the top of this page.

Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to the www.ripoffreport.com and governs data collection and usage of such data. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Ripoff Report includes www.ripoffreport.com. By using the Ripoff Report website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.Ripoff Report may collect personally identifiable information, including but not limited to, your name, address, phone number, and e-mail address. If you purchase Ripoff Report's products and services, we may in connection with those products and services, create a publicly visible profile that includes your name/company name and photographs. In addition we will collect billing and credit card information. This information is used to complete the purchase transaction. Ripoff Report may also collect anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your age and gender. We may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.

Information about your computer/device hardware and software may be automatically collected by Ripoff Report. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Ripoff Report website.

Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Ripoff Report's public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others.

Ripoff Report encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from Ripoff Report so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. Ripoff Report is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the Ripoff Report website.Ripoff Report collects and uses your personal information to provide, maintain, protect and improve upon its products, services, and the operation of its website. This includes, but is not limited to, keeping records of your communication with Ripoff Report and using your e-mail address to inform you about upcoming changes or improvements to our services or that of our affiliates.

Ripoff Report may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Ripoff Report and its affiliates. Ripoff Report may also contact you via e-mail or other through other modes of communication with surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.

Ripoff Report may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is transferred to the third party. Ripoff Report may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Ripoff Report, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.

Ripoff Report may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within Ripoff Report, in order to determine what Ripoff Report services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Ripoff Report to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.

Ripoff Report will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Ripoff Report or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Ripoff Report; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Ripoff Report, or the public.The Ripoff Report website may use "cookies" and other technologies to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.

One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Ripoff Report pages, or register with Ripoff Report site or services, a cookie helps Ripoff Report to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Ripoff Report website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Ripoff Report features that you customized.

You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Ripoff Report services or websites you visit.Ripoff Report secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.Ripoff Report does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.As Ripoff Report evolves, and our products, services, and collaboration with other companies grow, you may be able to connect your Ripoff Report account to third party accounts. BY CONNECTING YOUR RIPOFF REPORT ACCOUNT TO YOUR THIRD PARTY ACCOUNT, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU ARE CONSENTING TO THE CONTINUOUS RELEASE OF INFORMATION ABOUT YOU TO OTHERS (IN ACCORDANCE WITH YOUR PRIVACY SETTINGS ON THOSE THIRD PARTY SITES). IF YOU DO NOT WANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOU, INCLUDING PERSONALLY IDENTIFYING INFORMATION, TO BE SHARED INTHIS MANNER, DO NOT USE THE THIS FEATURE.Our Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Ripoff Report but excludes services that have a separate privacy policy without an incorporation of this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy does not apply to services offered by other companies or individuals including products or sites that may be displayed to you in on Ripoff Report or other sites linked from our services. Our Privacy Policy does not cover the information or other companies and organizations who advertise our services, and who may use cookies or other technologies to serve and offer relevant advertising.We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. Users may opt-out of receiving any or all communications from Ripoff Report by contacting us here:
- Web page: www.ripoffreport.com
- Email: support@ripoffreport.com with the Subject Box Titled “RIPOFF REPORT - OPT OUT/UNSUBSCRIBE”Ripoff Report may occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Ripoff Report will maintain the most current version of this Statement on its website, however, because notifications of Statement changes will not be sent out, it is highly encouraged that you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Ripoff Report is protecting your information.Ripoff Report welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Ripoff Report has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Ripoff Report at:
Ripoff Report
Customer Service – Privacy Policy
PO Box 310
Tempe, AZ 85280 USA
Email ALL of the Following:
legal@ripoffreport.com, support@ripoffreport.com and mcs@jaburgwilk.com with the Subject Box Titled “RIPOFF REPORT – PRIVACY POLICY”
Telephone number:
602-359-4357

Privacy Statement
The nature of our website (the “Site”) means that we will obtain, use and disclose (together “Use”) certain Personal Information (as defined below). We will comply with the requirements of the Data Protection Act 1998 in relation to any such Personal Information and will, within reason, ensure that your data is secure and monitored with regard to access, both internally and externally.

This statement sets out the principles governing our Use of your Personal Information on our Site. By using our website you agree to this Use.
1. When you use the services contained on our Site you will need to provide certain personal information such as your name and e-mail address (“Personal Information”). We will store this Personal Information and use it to provide you with information and otherwise for the normal use and improvement of our Site. If you would like to review or modify any part of your personal information then you should send an email to privacy@bounty.com.
2. We may transfer or disclose Personal Information if required to disclose such information by law. We may also transfer or disclose Personal Information to our professional advisers and to such other parties as we consider necessary in the administration of our Site and our related business.
3. Subject to you ticking certain boxes on the Site when prompted in order to provide your consent, we may transfer or disclose your Personal Information to other companies who may contact you with details of products or services which may interest you, but you can always tell us not to do this by contacting us as described in 12 below.
4. We may also use the Personal Information, and similar Personal Information you may provide us in response to any user surveys which you complete, to aggregate user profiles and, unless you opt out by contacting us as described in 12 below, to send you information about new products and services which we think may interest you.
5. Subject to you ticking certain boxes on the Site when prompted in order to provide your consent we may also pass your Personal Information to our business associates and affiliates (including those outside the European Economic Area) who may contact you with details of products or services which may interest you, but you can always tell us not to do this by contacting us as described in 12 below.
6. To enable us to monitor and improve our Site, we gather certain aggregated information about you when you use it, including details of your operating system, browser version, domain name and IP address, the URL you came from and go to and the parts of our Site you visit.
7. We may aggregate statistics, traffic patterns and related Site information and disclose such aggregate data to third parties for marketing, advertising or other promotional purposes but such aggregate data will not include any Personal Information.
8. A cookie is a small file, which is stored by our browser on your computer's hard drive. We use cookies only to store information such as your user ID and your session identifiers. We do not store other Personal Information such as passwords, preferences, etc. in cookie files.
9. You may submit notes, messages, bulletin boards postings, ideas, suggestions, concepts or other material (“Content”) to us for publication on the Site. All Content submitted by you to us must:
a. be legal, honest, decent and truthful and comply with all applicable laws, regulations, standards or codes of conduct;
b. not infringe the copyright, design, privacy, publicity, data protection, trade mark or any other rights of any third party, nor be obscene, abusive, threatening, libellous or defamatory of any person; and
c. not advertise or otherwise solicit for funds or is a solicitation for goods or services.
We have the right to monitor Content and may edit, reject or remove Content if we believe it does not comply with the above.
10. All Content submitted to us will become the property of Bounty throughout the world except any portion of the material that is Personal Information. You have sole responsibility for the Content which you submit to us for publication on the Site and you shall indemnify and shall keep us fully and effectively indemnified on demand from and against all actions, claims, losses, liability, proceedings, damages, costs, expenses, loss of business, loss of profits, business interruption and other pecuniary or consequential loss (including legal costs and expenses) suffered or incurred by us and arising directly or indirectly out of the publication of material submitted by you to us.
11. Whilst we will take all reasonable steps to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee the security of any Personal Information you disclose online. You accept the inherent security implications of providing information on-line over the internet and will not hold us responsible for any breach of security unless we have been negligent or in wilful default.
12. You can opt out of receiving various communications from us or our business associates, permit us to change Personal Information you have previously provided by emailing privacy@bounty.com ; You may ask us any further questions relating to our privacy policy by sending an email privacy@bounty.com.Couchsurfing Privacy Policy


Note from Couchsurfing: Please refer to the footnotes to see what we changed effective October 10, 2012.
This Privacy Policy describes the information Couchsurfing International, Inc. (“Couchsurfing”) collects about you, how we use and share that information and the privacy choices we offer. This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect when you use our websites, mobile applications and other online products and services (collectively, the “Services”), or when you otherwise interact with us.

We may change the provisions of this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you, including by revising the date at the top of this policy. We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you use our Services to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.We collect information you provide to us, such as when you create an account, update your profile, use the interactive features of our Services, participate in contests, promotions or surveys, request customer support or otherwise communicate with us. The types of information we may collect include:

Basic user information , such as your name, username, gender, birth date, email address, mailing address, phone number and photographs;
Messages and interactive forum information , such as discussion group posts, messages to other Couchsurfing users and information you provide in connection with activities and events; and
Other background, contact and demographic information , such as your ethnicity, occupation, personalURL, IM username, emergency contact, home descriptions, travel history and plans and other interests and self-descriptions you choose to provide.
We also collect information about you from other Couchsurfing users, such as trust ratings, friend connections, public references and other interconnections and interactions between you and other Couchsurfing users.When you access or use our Services, we may also automatically collect information about you, including:

Location Information: We may collect information about your location each time you access or use our mobile application or otherwise consent to the collection of this information. For more information, please see “Your Information Choices” below.1
Device Information: We collect device-specific information when you access our Services, including your hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers, mobile network information and information about the device's interaction with our Services.
Log Information: We collect log information about how you access or use our Services, including your access times, browser type and language, Internet Service Provider and Internet Protocol (“IP”) address.
Information Collected by Cookies and other Tracking Technologies: We may automatically collect information using cookies, web beacons (also known as “gifs,” “pixel tags” and “tracking pixels”) and other tracking technologies to, among other things, improve our Services and your experience, monitor user activity, count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness and tell if an email has been opened and acted upon. For information about removing or rejecting cookies, please see “Your Information Choices” below.We may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through our Services. For example, if you create or log into your Couchsurfing account through a third-party social networking site, we will have access to certain information from that site, such as your name, profile picture, connections and other account information in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by such third-party social networking site.We use information about you for purposes described in this Privacy Policy or otherwise disclosed to you on or in connection with our Services. For example, we may use information about you to:

Operate and improve our Services;
Protect the safety of Couchsurfing users and verify users' identities;
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages;
Respond to your comments, questions and requests and provide customer service;
Communicate with you about products, services, offers, promotions, rewards and events and provide other news and information about Couchsurfing and our select partners;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our Services;
Personalize the Services, which may include providing content or features that match user profiles or interests;
Process and deliver contest entries and rewards; and
Link or combine with other information we get from third parties to help understand your needs and provide you with better service.Couchsurfing may store and process personal information in the United States and other countries. Couchsurfing complies with the US-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the US-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework and has certified its adherence to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of Notice, Choice, Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity, Access and Enforcement with respect to personal data collected from members in the EU and Switzerland. For more information about the Safe Harbor program and to view Couchsurfing's certification, please visit the U.S. Department of Commerce's Safe Harbor website.We do not share personal information about you with third parties except as follows:

With your consent, including if we notify you through our Services that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information;
With third party vendors, consultants and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out their work for us;
With others who access or use our Services in accordance with the privacy settings you establish (please see “Your Information Choices” below for more information about how to manage your sharing preferences);
With search engines in order to index the content you provide as part of a discussion forum;
With partners who run contests, special offers or other events or activities in connection with our Services;
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company; and
If we believe that disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request; to enforce our agreements, policies and Terms of Use to protect the security or integrity of our Services; or to protect Couchsurfing, our users or the public from harm or illegal activities.
We may also share aggregated or anonymized information that does not directly identify you.The Services may offer social sharing features or other integrated tools, which let you share actions you take on our Services with other media, and vice versa. The use of such features enables the sharing of certain information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the third party that provides the social sharing feature. For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the third parties that provide these social sharing features.

The Services may also allow you to access Google Maps. Please note that when you use Google Maps, you are subject to Google's privacy policy, as amended by Google from time to time.Couchsurfing takes reasonable measures to help protect information about you in an effort to prevent loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.NoneYou may change your privacy settings and determine whether certain information about you will be shared with others by navigating to your profile and editing your “Personal Designations.”You may update or correct information about you, or deactivate your account, at any time by logging into your account and editing your profile. Please note that even after you deactivate your account, we may retain certain information as required by law, for legitimate business purposes and to protect member safety.You have the ability to turn location-based services on and off by adjusting the settings of your Internet browser or mobile device and by following the standard uninstall process and removing Couchsurfing's application from your device. Doing so, however, may mean that you cannot use all or a portion of our Services. 3Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies; however, our Services may not function properly if you do so.You may opt out of receiving promotional emails from Couchsurfing by following the instructions in those emails or by adjusting the appropriate settings in your profile. If you opt out, we may still send you transactional or relationship messages, such as emails about your account.If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us here. In addition, EU and Swiss members can direct privacy-related inquiries or complaints to safeharbor@couchsurfing.com. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your inquiry or complaint, or if your inquiry or complaint is not satisfactorily addressed by Couchsurfing, you can refer your inquiry or complaint to TRUSTe, fax to +1 415-520-3420, or mail to TRUSTe Safe Harbor Compliance Dept. If you are faxing or mailing TRUSTe to lodge a complaint, you must include the following information: the name of company, the alleged privacy violation, your contact information, and whether you would like the particulars of your complaint shared with the company. For information aboutTRUSTe or the operation of TRUSTe's dispute resolution process, click here or request this information from TRUSTe at any of the addresses listed above. The TRUSTe dispute resolution process shall be conducted in English.

We updated this section because, if you allow us to do so via your web browser's settings, HTML5 now allows us to access your location information directly from your web browser (e.g. the dialogue box that appears when you open the website, asking if we may use your location).
Google requires any website that uses their Maps feature to include a link to their own Privacy Policy.
We updated this section to give you more information about how to turn off location-based services.PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy ("Policy") covers the website http://www.opendns.com and http://www.umbrella.com/ ("Websites") which are owned and operated by OpenDNS, Incorporated ("OpenDNS", "we", "us", "our"), and all associated OpenDNS and Umbrella services ("Services") provided by OpenDNS through these Websites.TRUSTe European Safe Harbor certification
OpenDNS has been awarded TRUSTe's Privacy Seal signifying that this Policy has been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe's program requirements including transparency, accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information. TRUSTe's mission, as an independent third-party, is to accelerate online trust among consumer and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovate trust solutions. If you have questions or complaints regarding our Policy or practices, please contact us at privacy@opendns.com or write to us at Privacy Matters, OpenDNS, Inc., 145 Bluxome Street, San Francisco, CA 94107. If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here.The United States Department of Commerce and the European Commission have agreed on a set of data protection principles and frequently asked questions to enable U.S. companies to satisfy the requirement under European Union law that adequate protection be provided to Personal Information transferred from the European Economic Area to the United States (the "U.S.-EU Safe Harbor"). Consistent with our commitment to protecting personal privacy, OpenDNS adheres to the principles set forth in the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view our certificate, please visit http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/.In order to provide you with the Services we may ask you for Personally Identifiable Information ("Personal Information"). Personal Information includes but is not limited to your name and email address. Depending on the Services you request, Personal Information may also include addresses, phone numbers, IP addresses, credit card information, usernames, passwords, and other information you provide voluntarily that may be considered Personal Information. OpenDNS collects and uses such information only insofar as is it deems reasonably necessary in order to provide our Services, for us to manage and send you notices regarding your account, and for us to send you notices regarding the Services. Subject to compliance with applicable law or contractual obligations, this information will be stored for as long as necessary to provide these Services plus a reasonable time thereafter to comply with our archiving and restoration policies.
If you email us through any of the contact us links on our Website, if you submit a request for information through our Website or if you submit a support ticket through our Website we may ask you for Personal Information including but not limited to your name and email address in order to respond to your questions, comments and requests. If you choose to correspond with us via email, we may retain the content of your email messages, your email address and our correspondence with you.
If you participate in an OpenDNS referral program such as our tell a friend program, you may provide us with your friend's email address and any Personal Information that you voluntarily include in your email message to your friend or to OpenDNS. We use such information to send a one-time email to your friend regarding OpenDNS and our services and products. We store the information for the purpose of tracking the success of the referral program.When you use our Services, OpenDNS stores certain DNS, IP address and related information about you to improve the quality of our Service, to provide you with Services and for internal business and analysis purposes. For example, OpenDNS runs a Domain Name System (DNS) service. DNS translates a domain name (e.g., http://www.example.com) into the corresponding numerical address (e.g., 192.0.34.166) that allows your system to access the domain over the network.We may use "cookies" on or in conjunction with our Websites to help OpenDNS identify and track visitors, their usage of our Websites, and their website access preferences. A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. If you do not wish to have cookies placed on your computer you should set your browser to refuse cookies before using the Websites, with the drawback that certain features of the Websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any Personal Information you submit while on our Websites.
OpenDNS does not control cookies in third-party ads, and you are encouraged to check the privacy policies of advertisers and/or ad services to learn about their use of cookies and other technology. The ads appearing on our Websites may be delivered to you by third-party advertising companies.
Our third-party advertising partners employ a software technology called clear gifs (a.k.a. Web Beacons/Web Bugs), that help us better manage content on our Website by informing us what content is effective. Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of web users. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user's computer hard drive, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. We do not tie the information gathered by clear gifs to your Personal Information.
We may receive, collect and store certain other types of information whenever you interact with us and our Websites, including, without limitation, your Internet Protocol address, your domain name, the pages you visit on the Websites; other information such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, the date and time of each visitor request and any search terms you have entered on our Website or a referral website; and other web usage activity and data logged by our web servers. OpenDNS uses this information to better understand how OpenDNS' visitors use its Websites, for internal system and website administration and to provide our security Services (in aggregate and anonymous form only). We do not tie this information to your Personal Information.
We may use third-party cookies as part of remarketing activities we conduct with Google and/or other third-party vendors, to help provide you with relevant promotional offers as you use the Internet. As part of these remarketing activities, these third-party cookies may record your visits to our Websites and web sites visited prior to using our Websites. Such cookies can then be used to serve advertisements to you on other web sites. You may choose to be exempt from the use of Google remarketing cookies at the Google advertising privacy page. Alternatively, you may opt-out of remarketing on the Google network and similar networks at the Network Advertising Initiative opt out page. Opting out will not prevent advertisements from being served to you on the Internet; it will only affect advertisements that utilize remarketing cookies to serve advertisements on the specified advertising networks. We are not responsible for the activities of other parties that may not comply with your opt-out requests.If you participate in one of our chat rooms, discussion forums, or post messages to a Website bulletin board, you should be aware that the information disclosed and shared will be broadly available to other persons, both inside of and/or outside of OpenDNS, who have access to that chat room, forum or bulletin board. Please be careful and responsible whenever you're online by not posting any more Personal Information than you want revealed. In addition, if you post Personal Information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. Please also note that a participant's expressed opinion is his or her own and should not be considered to reflect the opinion of OpenDNS. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at contact@opendns.com. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.OpenDNS does not share, rent, trade or sell your Personal Information with third parties, except as described in this Policy. If you do provide us with Personal Information, we will only use it for the purposes described where it is collected or to deliver the Services you requested, and we will not sell, license, transmit or disclose this information outside of OpenDNS unless (1) you expressly authorize us to do so, (2) it is necessary to allow our trusted service providers or agents (such as address list hosting companies, advertising and analytic companies, billing service providers, email service providers, search providers, security providers, and other similar service providers) to provide products or services for us or you, (3) it is disclosed to entities that perform marketing services on our behalf or to other entities with whom we have joint marketing agreements, (4) it is necessary in connection with a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of OpenDNS or the merger of OpenDNS into another entity or any consolidation, share exchange, combination, reorganization, or like transaction in which OpenDNS is not the survivor, or (5) otherwise as we are required or permitted by law. Also, we reserve the right to fully use and disclose any information that is not Personal Information (such as statistical information related to the usage, origin of use, traffic patterns and behaviour of the users of the Services, most frequented domains or phishing attempts blocked by our Services).
If you send us a request, inquiry, feedback or other comments (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to edit and republish it in our Knowledge Base, which is displayed on our Websites, in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users with similar issues.
We post customer testimonials on our Websites which may contain Personal Information. We do obtain the customer's consent via email prior to posting the testimonial to post their name along with their testimonial. If you wish to request that your testimonial be removed you may contact us at contact@opendns.com.You may correct, update, or delete your Personal Information by accessing it through the edit account information page or by emailing our Customer Support at contact@opendns.com. If emailing Customer Support, please allow us a reasonable period of time in order to satisfy your request.In connection with promotions or other projects, we may ask you specifically whether you have objections with respect to a certain kind of data use or sharing. If you opt-out under such circumstances, we will respect your decision. To opt out of receiving commercial communications from OpenDNS, please click on the "opt-out" or "unsubscribe" link in the communication or please contact us at contact@opendns.com. Your e-mail address will be removed from our marketing list. Please allow us a reasonable period of time in order to satisfy your request, as some promotions may already be in process.For your convenience, we may provide links to other websites and web pages that we do not control. This Policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that OpenDNS does not own or control, or to individuals that OpenDNS does not employ or manage. The privacy and security practices of websites linked to or from OpenDNS websites are not covered by this Privacy Policy, and OpenDNS is not responsible for the privacy or security practices or the content of such websites.OpenDNS recognizes the privacy interests of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children's online activities and interests. Our Websites and Services are not intended for children. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from anyone under the age of 13.We restrict access to Personal Information collected about you at our Websites to our employees, our affiliates' employees, those who are otherwise specified in this Policy, or others who need to know that information to provide the Services to you or in the course of conducting our business operations or activities. When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number) on our order forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). While no website can guarantee security, we maintain appropriate physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect your Personal Information collected via the website. We protect our databases with various physical, technical and procedural measures and we restrict access to your information by unauthorized persons. We also advise all OpenDNS employees about their responsibility to protect customer data and we provide them with appropriate guidelines for adhering to our company's business ethics standards and confidentiality policies. Inside OpenDNS, data is stored in password-controlled servers with limited access.If you are visiting our Websites from outside of the United States or otherwise contacting us from outside of the United States, please be aware that your Personal Information may be transferred to, stored or processed in the United States, where many of our servers are located and our central database is operated. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country, but please be assured that we take steps to protect your privacy. By using our Services, you understand that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Policy.We reserve the right to modify this Policy at any time, so please review it frequently. We will post those changes to this privacy statement on the home page and other places we deem appropriate, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if 
any, we disclose it. This Policy is not intended to and does not create any contractual or other legal right in or on behalf of any party.The terms of this Policy are incorporated into our general terms of use. Please review our terms of use at http://www.opendns.com/terms/.This Privacy Policy was first effective as of July 22, 2007.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on September 6, 2013.Effective Date: May 29, 2012
This Privacy Policy is applicable to www.billboard.com, www.billboard.biz, www.adweek.com, www.backstage.com, www.hollywoodreporter.com, www.clioawards.com, www.filmjournal.comand any other site that may be operated by or for Prometheus Global Media (together, the "Websites"). It explains how we collect information from users of the Websites and how we use such information. Your use of the Websites constitutes your acceptance of this Privacy Policy. Please also read our Terms of Use, which govern the basic operation of the Websites.A. Non-Personally Identifiable Information. When you visit a Website, we may collect certain data that does not tell us specifically who you are. This is “Non-Personally Identifiable Information.” It includes things like your Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, and the last domain you visited before coming to our Website or the domain you go to when you leave. It also includes various statistical data such as which pages you visit on our Websites, how long you stay on them, and what you click.
We may place a “cookie” on your computer. A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier, sent to your browser from a website's computers and stored on your computer's hard drive. Our “preference” cookie expires after thirty (30) days. We may use cookies to keep track of your choice of language and home page preference; to understand your exposure to certain Internet advertisements as you use the Websites, and to gather usage data that will help us generally improve the quality of the Websites. There is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to deny or accept cookies. You should note that cookies may be necessary to provide you with certain features on the Websites.
We also may use a small piece of code (sometimes referred to as “1x1 clear pixel,” “Web beacon” or “clear GIF”) placed in the pages of the Websites to help us gather additional information about which parts of the site receive the most visitors and other user traffic patterns, and enable us to administer the site.
No Personally Identifiable Information (see below) is collected through our cookies or Web beacons however we may, from time to time, allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our website. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your  visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. The companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt out of this type of advertising, you can visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.

B. Personally Identifiable Information. We also may collect information that can be used to identify you (“Personally Identifiable Information”). We only collect Personally Identifiable Information when you specifically provide it to us. For example, in connection with your use of certain features of the Websites you may be asked to create a user account and provide certain information including your name, email addresses, address, and telephone number. You may also provide User Uploaded Information to the Websites, as described in the Terms of Use [make link], or you may provide information such as your credit card number in connection with the purchase of services or content available through the Websites. When you create a user account with a Prometheus Global Media website and sign in to your account on the Websites or post User Uploaded Information, you are not anonymous to us.
We may use Personally Identifiable Information to fulfill your requests, respond to your inquiries and provide other services, and to alert you to information, offers, or publications in which we think you may be interested. The emails that we send contain links that enable you to “unsubscribe” from such mailings.
We do not sell Personally Identifiable Information or other information you make available to the Websites, or share such information with third parties, except as described below.
From time to time, we may partner with unaffiliated companies or individuals for market research, product development or similar purposes. These companies or individuals may be provided with access to Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information, but we will require by contract that they agree to maintain the confidentiality, security and integrity of such information. We also may subcontract with other companies and individuals to do work on our behalf; they may be provided with access to Personally Identifiable and Non-Personally Identifiable Information, but only as needed to perform their functions.
We may share Personally Identifiable Information with third parties, who may contact you to offer products and services. At any time, you can contact Prometheus Global Media at 1-800-658-8372 and terms@prometheusgm.comto request that we not share your Personally Identifiable Information with third parties.
We may disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to third parties in connection with a corporate transaction where all or a portion of our business (e.g., a portion that includes our customer lists) is sold or transferred. We also may disclose your Personally Identifiable Information if disclosure is required by law or as part of a lawsuit or government investigation or proceeding, or in order to permit us to exercise or preserve our legal rights or take action regarding potentially illegal activities or to protect the safety of any person.Prometheus Global Media cannot ensure or warrant the security or privacy of any information you transmit to us. We attempt to follow policies and procedures that will protect against unauthorized access to your Personally Identifiable Information. But we can make no guarantees or promises in this regard, and you provide information to us at your own risk.
We may store the Personally Identifiable Information we hold about you indefinitely. We may store this information in the United States or we may transfer it to any other country. The data protection laws of the countries where we store your personal data may or may not provide a level of protection equivalent to the laws in your home country. Wherever we hold the data, we will apply the terms of this Privacy Policy.This site is not directed at children under the age of 13 and we endeavor not to knowingly collect any Personally Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian believes that this site has collected the Personally Identifiable Information of a child under the age of 13, please contact terms@prometheusgm.com.You may contact us at terms@prometheusgm.comif at any time you would like to see the Personally Identifiable Information we hold about you, or to ask us to correct or update this information, or to ask us to delete it. Please contact us if you have questions or wish to take any action with respect to information to which this Privacy Policy applies (see below for contact information).You may contact Prometheus Global Media regarding our privacy practices at the following address:
Prometheus Global Media
770 Broadway Ave
7th Floor
New York, NY 10003
terms@prometheusgm.com
1-800-658-8372This Privacy Policy is effective as of May 29,  2012. We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. We do not undertake to provide you with personal notice of any changes. In the event of material changes, we will provide notice by means that are reasonable under the circumstances, such as by posting a notice on the Websites. Your continued use of the Websites following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy means you accept those changes.

Privacy Statement
General Motors Company U.S. Consumer Privacy Statement
Your privacy is important to General Motors Company (“GM” or “we”) as is your trust in GM's products and services. We want you to know that the information you share with us will be treated with care. This Privacy Statement addresses what personal information we collect and how we handle the personal information shared with us.

View the California Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Statement applies to personal information we obtain from and about individuals interacting with GM and its websites, products and services. It does not apply to personal information we obtain in our capacity as an employer.

This Privacy Statement covers all GM businesses and subsidiaries in the U.S. except for OnStar LLC and General Motors Financial Company, Inc. which have their own Privacy Statements. Additionally, mobile applications have separate privacy statements, as described in the Mobile Applications section below.As you interact with GM, there may be opportunities for you to provide us with your information. Additionally, we may collect certain information about you or your vehicle as further described below.

You may provide us with information about you or your vehicle through a number of sources: GM websites, product and related events, test drive or other incentive applications, surveys, social media platforms (i.e., when you register for a GM sponsored sweepstakes via the GM Facebook Fan page), sweepstakes entries and through our customer call centers.

We receive information about you through vehicle sales records provided by your dealer and we may obtain, with your consent, data obtained from your vehicle's Event Data Recorder (“EDR”) as described in your owner's manual (i.e., how various systems in your vehicle operate, the speed and distance of your vehicle). For additional information about EDR data, please see your owner's manual. We also may obtain information about you and your vehicle from GM affiliates, GM dealers, GM licensees for consumer merchandise, GM credit card bank partners and other sources such as companies that provide lists of potential vehicle purchasers and current owners, if such companies are permitted to share your information with us pursuant to their privacy statements.

The types of information that GM collects about you may include, but are not limited to:
contact information (such as name, address, city, state and ZIP code, email address and telephone number)
vehicle information (such as vehicle identification number (VIN), make, model, model year, selling dealer, servicing dealer, date of purchase or lease and service history)
vehicle performance data (such as engine and transmission performance, airbag deployment conditions or crash or near crash information about how a vehicle's systems performed)
demographic information (such as age range, marital status and household composition)
non-credit-related marketing profile information (such as when you plan to purchase or lease; the vehicle in which you're interested)
relationships you have with GM in addition to the purchase and servicing of your vehicle (such as through a GM Card or OnStar)
incentive eligibility verification information (such as college name, branch of service or credit union name for vehicle purchase programs)
Social Security Number (in limited circumstances GM may collect SSN, for example if you win a sweepstakes or receive compensation that must be reported for government tax purposes)
investor information (name, address, phone number and email address)
stockholder services information (such as account information)
photographs such as those that you may submit for contests or sweepstakesThe information GM collects about you and your vehicle will be used:
to provide products and services
to maintain customer relationships
to operate GM websites
to provide customer and vehicle support and service (such as recall information or warranty service)
to provide information and product updates
to evaluate vehicle performance and safety as described in the vehicle owner manual
for safety and product research purposes
to verify eligibility for vehicle purchase or incentive programs
for marketing purposes
to customize and improve communication content
to comply with legal requirements

You may choose to forward information from one of our websites or emails to another person through our Forward to a Friend program. Email addresses submitted to our E-card or other Forward to a Friend programs will not be captured for later use in marketing unless the recipient opts into receiving additional marketing materials from GM.GM has developed certain mobile applications that you may download to your mobile device or vehicle (“GM Applications”). When you download a GM Application, there may be an opportunity for you to provide us with or for us to obtain information about you or your vehicle. Each GM Application will display a separate Privacy Statement that will inform you about how any information shared via the application will be handled and how to decline such use or uninstall the application.

Through the Infotainment system, GM may also offer applications developed by third parties (“3rd Party Application”). When you download a 3rd Party Application to your mobile device or vehicle, the 3rd Party Application may collect information about you in connection with your download or use of that application. GM is not responsible for the collection or use of information by 3rd Party Applications. We recommend that you carefully review the privacy statement of each 3rd Party Application prior to downloading or using them.GM may share the information it collects about you or your vehicle in the following instances:
as required by law, such as in conjunction with a subpoena, government inquiry, litigation, dispute resolution or similar legal process
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud or respond to a law enforcement request
with our services providers who work on our behalf and who do not have an independent right to use the information to which they have access or that we disclose to them
with our business partners for GM marketing activities, business partner marketing activities or both
with third parties for research and development purposes (such as university research institutes for improving highway safety)
in connection with the sale, transfer or financing of a significant part of a GM business or its assets, including any such activities associated with a bankruptcy proceeding
within GM, with our subsidiaries and affiliates, with GM dealers and with GM licensees; however, transaction information regarding your GM Card will not be shared with GM dealers.

Apart from the purposes listed above, GM will not share information about you or your vehicle with other third parties for their independent use without your permission.If you do not want to receive unsolicited marketing communications from GM, please visit our Consumer Preference System website at www.gmcontactpreferences.com. This will allow you to opt out of telephone and email communications and/or to change previously submitted opt-out preferences. You can also call 1-866-MYPRIVACY (1-866-697-7482) to opt out of direct mail communications, as well as telephone and email communications, and/or to change previously submitted opt-out preferences.

If you have subscribed to a particular email newsletter or other communication (such as My GMLINK Service Reminders), you should follow the instructions in the email or on a related website to unsubscribe.

GM and GM dealers are separate legal entities with their own privacy practices. For questions about your dealer's privacy practices including opting out of marketing communications from your dealer, please contact your dealer directly.

If you opt out of receiving marketing communications from GM, your personal information will not be used for marketing, but may still be used for the other purposes described in this Privacy Statement (such as vehicle support and service).GM uses administrative, technical and physical security to protect the personal information we maintain and to help ensure that it is used according to this Privacy Statement.GM websites use “cookies” to remember user preferences and to maximize the performance of our website and services. Using cookies on our websites provides benefits to you, such as allowing you to maintain your account login information or contact information on Request a Quote forms between visits, or locating a nearby dealer.

Similarly, we may also place Web beacons in our emails to measure the effectiveness of our email campaigns by identifying the individuals who open or act upon an email message, when an email message is opened, how many times an email message is forwarded, the type of software, device, operating system and browser used to deliver the email and any URL accessed through our email message.

To measure site activity and provide a better user experience, we may allow our service providers or business partners to compile information from the cookies, Web beacons or other technologies on our websites which may include information about your visit (such as demographic data, browser type, IP address, pages visited, activities conducted on the page and the day and time of your visit). We may also allow third party advertising and personalization partners to use this information to develop personalized content and appropriate advertising based on your visits over time on GM web sites and non-GM web sites.

This information may also be used to evaluate our online advertising campaigns or to tailor promotions and other marketing messages to you.

At this time, we do not currently honor do no track signals from a web site browser. However, you may refuse or delete cookies. Please refer to your browser Help instructions to learn more about cookies and other technologies and how to manage their use. If you elect to refuse or delete cookies, you will need to repeat this process if you use another computer, or change browsers. If you choose to decline cookies, some of the functionality of a website may be impaired.

GM adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance's Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising (www.AboutAds.info).  If you do not wish to receive personalized advertising or content from us while visiting GM web sites, you may click on the AdChoices icon located at the bottom of the web site page or the Digital Advertising Alliance's Opt-Out page (www.AboutAds.info/choices).

If you do not wish to receive personalized advertising or content from us on non-GM websites, please visit the Digital Advertising Alliance's Opt-Out page (www.AboutAds.info/choices) or click on the AboutAds icon on a GM advertisement and follow the instructions on how to opt out.

Opting out of relevant advertising will not opt you out of all advertising, but rather only those advertisements that are personalized to your interests by GM or its agents or representatives.

If you choose to decline cookies, some of the functionality of a website may be impaired.GM websites may contain links to third-party sites not controlled by GM or covered by this Privacy Statement, such as those belonging to GM dealers, GM licensees, co-branded websites offered in conjunction with a business partner, or independent product review sites. We recommend that you check the Privacy Statement of other sites you visit before providing any personal information.When you buy or lease a GM vehicle from a GM dealer, the dealer will share your information with GM as the vehicle manufacturer.  Please be aware that each dealer operates as a separate legal entity and you should read the dealer's privacy statement to ensure that you understand its privacy practices and procedures. Additionally, because the GM dealer often is the first contact with you, the dealer can answer any questions you may have about its privacy practices. While GM encourages its dealers to ensure full compliance with all applicable privacy legislation and has provided information to our dealers relating to privacy obligations, GM is not responsible for dealers' compliance with applicable law.

When completing a purchase or lease agreement or signing a service repair order with the GM dealer, you should be provided with information describing the dealership's privacy practices and related policies that explain that certain personal information that you provide to the dealer may be shared with GM or others in accordance with this Statement.GM websites do not target or knowingly collect any information from children under the age of 13.GM affiliates in the United States (“GM US”) adhere to the U.S.– EU Safe Harbor Privacy Principles and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Privacy Principles as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce (collectively, “European Safe Harbor”) as a data processor for certain European customer personal data transfers to the United States. Specifically, GM U.S. acts as a data processor for its GM affiliated companies in Europe (“GM Europe”) when it provides data hosting, technical support, or otherwise obtains incidental access to data about identified or identifiable users of GM Europe's products and services, including Infotainment services (“European Customer Data”). Each GM Europe company acts as a controller of its own European Customer Data, and GM U.S. acts as a data processor for these GM Europe companies.  Individuals that use products or services offered by a GM Europe company may therefore wish to raise any privacy questions with such GM Europe company directly, including filing any requests to access European Customer Data or exercise other privacy rights. Such individuals may also raise questions with GM U.S. as per the contact details below.

Individuals also may raise privacy concerns with the International Centre for Dispute Resolution, the international division of the American Arbitration Association (ICDR/AAA) at the following website: https://apps.adr.org/webfile/.  To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view GM U.S.'s certification, please visit http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/If you have concerns or questions regarding GM's consumer privacy practices or this Privacy Statement, please refer to the frequently asked questions that follow, or you may contact us at 1-866-MYPRIVACY (1-866-697-7482).

To have your mail, email or telephone information updated please call one of the following Customer Assistance Centers that is specific to your vehicle:
Buick:           1-800-521-7300
Cadillac:         1-800-458-8006
Chevrolet:     1-800-222-1020
GMC:            1-800-462-8782
Saturn:        1-800-553-6000
HUMMER:      1-866-486-6376
Pontiac:       1-800-762-2737

For inquiries about how the information you submit to the Investor Information portion of GM's website or to GM Stockholder Services is handled, please call 313-667-1432.
You may correct GM credit cardmember information, such as name, address, phone number and email address, by logging onto gmcard.com, gmflexcard.com, gmextendedfamily.com or gmbusinesscard.com and going to the “Account” or “Online Banking” portion of the website. You can also call the Customer Center for your Account.
GM Card 800-771-7363
GM Flexible Earnings Card 800-388-9107
GM Extended Family Card 800-419-6698
GM Business Card 800-446-5347


You may change your GM Vehicle Preferences and email address by logging into the “Earnings” portion of the site and clicking on “GM Vehicle Preferences” or “GM Profile.”

You may correct the contact information (name, address, phone number and email address) you provide on the GM Cardmember Services website by using My Profile.

If you have a question or concern about the privacy practices of the GM Cardmember Services website, please contact us by sending an email from the Contact Us page or by writing to us at: GM Cardmember Services, 100 Renaissance Center, 482-A00-MAR, Detroit, MI 48265.

For GM Family First participants, you may correct your information by contacting your Human Resources representative or updating your information via Socrates. For Vehicle Purchase Plan (“VPP”) participants, you may correct your personal information by visiting the following VPP websites.

How long will my opt-out preferences last?
A: Your GM telephone and email opt-out preferences will be honored in accordance with applicable law and will remain in effect unless you take action to opt back in to receiving materials from us (for example by Request a Quote or completing a Business Reply Card). Your GM direct mail opt-out preferences will expire three (3) years from the date of your submission. You can change or update your opt-out preferences by clicking here.

Q2: Does my vehicle have a black box to record data?
A: GM vehicles, like other modern motor vehicles, have a number of sophisticated computer systems that monitor and control several aspects of the vehicle's performance. GM vehicles use on-board vehicle computers to monitor emission control components to optimize fuel economy, to monitor conditions for air bag deployment and, if so equipped, to provide anti-lock braking and to help the driver control the vehicle in difficult driving situations. Some information may be stored during regular operations to facilitate repair of detected malfunctions; other information is stored only in a crash event by computer systems, such as those commonly called event data recorders (EDR). To learn more about vehicle recording and privacy, refer to the Vehicle Data Recording and Privacy section of your vehicle's owner manual.

Q3: Does my vehicle have an RFID feature that transmits my personal information?
A: No, many GM vehicles contain sensing and transmitting devices using the same type of radio frequency transmission technology used in RFIDs that can contain personal information. These devices are used to perform functions such as checking tire pressure. The devices do not store or transmit personal information. To learn more about vehicle recording and privacy, refer to the Vehicle Data Recording and Privacy section of your vehicle's owner manual.Privacy Policy for UsersCassava Enterprises (Gibraltar) Limited (the "Company" or "we") offers gambling services via its in-house brands such as (i) 888, (ii) Casino-on-Net, (iii) 888casino, (iv) Pacific Poker, (v) 888poker, (vi) 888sport, (vii) 888bingo, (viii) 888ladies, (ix) 888games, (x) 888play, (xi) Reef Club Casino; (xii) LuckyAcePoker; and (xiii) Euro City Casino (each an "In-House Brand") and via third parties' brands as part of so called "white labels" such as (i) Lotos, (ii) Tower Torneos, (iii) Harrah's, (iv) Oxygen9casino and (v) SnapCall (each a "White Label Brand"). In addition to offering its gambling services via the Internet (the "Internet Platform"), the Company may from time to time offer its services via alternative platforms such as (i) interactive television, (ii) mobile gaming platforms, (iii) in-flight entertainment platforms, and (iv) Facebook applications (each, an "Alternative Platform").

When you use the Company's gambling services either via an In-House Brand or a White Label Brand, and whether such use is via the Internet Platform or an Alternative Platform, you shall be asked to provide personal identifiable information ("PII") to the Company.

The Company is committed to respecting your privacy and to complying with applicable data protection and privacy laws and we have therefore provided this Privacy Policy to help you understand how we collect, use and safeguard your PII for the purpose of offering you gambling services. If you do not understand the Privacy Policy or how we handle or use the PII which you provide to us then you are invited to send in your questions to support@888.com and we will do our best to answer your questions in full as quickly as possible.

You should read this Privacy Policy in conjunction with the 888.com Group Operated Sites and Services End User License Agreement.We collect PII when you register and use our gambling services, make customer inquiries, register for information or other services from the Company (including through Facebook applications), or when you respond to communications from us (such as questionnaires or surveys). The PII we will collect from you may include, for example, your name, email address, home address, telephone number, voice sample (which will not be kept on our records), debit/credit card data and date of birth and other information collected on registration or through surveys which the Company shall undertake.The PII which you provide to us will be processed for one or more of the following Purposes: (i) to allow us to provide you with gambling services; (ii) to process any of your requests for information; (iii) to provide member support services to you; (iv) to market our services, websites or products or those of other entities existing within the same group of companies in which the Company exists (the "Cassava Group") or those of any of our business partners and affiliates; (v) to notify you about updates to our software and/or services; and (vi) to support any of the intended purposes specifically stated at the time at which you provided the PII.Your PII may, for the Purposes, be disclosed for processing to any of the following Recipients: (i) to any companies within the Cassava Group and their employees who have a need to know such information; (ii) to white label partners where we provide you with gambling services via a White Label Brand; (iii) to any third parties which provide services to the Company in order to allow or enable us to provide you with gambling services, including by way of example payment processors and data verifiers; (iv) to any third parties who provide the Cassava Group services in relation to the operation of 888sport; (v) to any auditors, contractors or other advisers auditing any of Cassava Group's business processes; and (vi) to any potential purchasers or investors in any company within the Cassava Group. Any processing performed by any Recipients will, where required by law, be governed by a data processing agreement in the form required by law, preserving any and all of your statutory data protection rights and obligating the Recipients to respect the PII and handle it in accordance with the relevant laws.

We ensure that your information will not be disclosed to government institutions or authorities except if required by law.Out of respect for your right to privacy we are happy to provide you with an easy means to decline receiving email offers from us or from any other companies within the Cassava Group. At any time, you may request to discontinue receiving these offers by sending a blank message with the word "Remove" in the subject area to support@888.com. If you would like to stop receiving our mail or telemarketing offers, please write to Cassava Enterprises (Gibraltar) Limited, Suite 601/701, Europort, Gibraltar.You can write to us at any time to obtain a copy of your PII and to have any inaccuracies corrected. Where appropriate, you may have your PII rectified, amended or completed. Please email support@888.com. We may levy a small charge to cover the cost of administration.We have implemented suitable security policies, rules and technical measures to protect and safeguard all the PII under our control from unauthorized access, improper use or disclosure, unauthorized modification, unlawful destruction or accidental loss. All our employees and data processors who have access to, and are associated with the processing of your PII, are obliged to respect your privacy.We may send you a permanent cookie when you register with us. A cookie is a small file that can be placed on your computer's hard disk for record-keeping purposes. Cookies can help us to recognize you when you next visit our website, note the advertisements you click on and the other sites you enter via a link from our website. This allows us to tailor the service we provide to your preferences. We may also use the data generated from cookies to compile statistical data on your use of our website. Our website uses four types of cookies: (i) 'session cookies' which are stored only temporarily during a browsing session in order to allow normal use of the system and are deleted from your device when the browser is closed; (ii) 'first party cookies' / 'persistent cookies' which are set and read only by our website, saved on your computer for a fixed period (usually a year or longer) and are not deleted when the browser is closed. Such cookies are used where we need to know who you are for repeat visits, for example to allow us to store your preferences for the next login (such as user name and/or password); (iii) 'third party cookies' which are set by other websites who run content on the page you are viewing, for example by third party analytics companies who monitor and analyze our web access; and (iv) 'flash cookies' which are saved during game play to allow quicker and better gaming experience. You are not obliged to accept a cookie from us or from any other website. You can modify your browser so that it will not accept cookies. Please consult the "Help" section of your browser for instructions on how to do so correctly. However, for legitimate security reasons, we may refuse access to specific website content unless you accept the use of a cookie or similar deviceWhen you register with our Facebook application ("App") and provide your consent by clicking "Play Game" on the landing page of the App, we will obtain the following from your Facebook account through the App: (i) your basic information (including your name, profile picture, gender, networks, user ID, list of friends and any other information you made public on Facebook), (ii) your email address, and (iii) your date of birth. The App may publish in your name all of your App-related activities through your Facebook account, including bingo rooms/ lobbies you visited, achievements and winnings you earned, your high scores and more, as well as post in chats and send virtual gifts on your behalf. You shall at all times have the option to modify our permission to do all of the foregoing via your Facebook's privacy preferences.We use a third-party advertising technology to serve advertisements when you visit our websites. This technology uses information about your visits to our websites (not 
including your name, address, or other personal information), to serve our advertisements to you. In the course of delivering our advertisements to you, a unique third-party 'cookie' may be placed or recognized on your browser. We also transmit website usage information about visitors to our websites to the servers of a reputable third party for the purpose of targeting our Internet banner advertisements on this site and other sites. To do this, we use 'Web beacons' and 'cookies' provided by our third-party advertisement server on our sites. The information that is collected and logged on our behalf through this technology is not personally identifiable. If you do not want your non-personal information used to target advertisements to you, please visit www.networkadvertising.org and follow the "opt-out" instructions.The services provided by the Company are not intended for or directed to minors or persons under the age of legal consent. Any person who provides us with PII represents to us that they are 18 years of age or over the age of legal consent in their jurisdiction. We reserve the right to access and verify any PII submitted by or collected from you. If we become aware that a minor has attempted to or has submitted PII, we may not accept this information and may take steps to remove such information from our records.Since we operate globally, it may be necessary to transfer your PII to other companies within the Cassava Group located in countries outside the European Union. This may happen if our servers or such companies are based outside the European Union, if you use our services and products while visiting countries outside the European Union or if we transfer your PII to such companies for purposes regarding which you will receive advance notice. The data protection and other laws of these countries may not be as comprehensive as those in the European Union - in these instances we will take steps to ensure that a similar level of protection is given to your PII.Your PII will not be stored for any longer period than is necessary for the purposes for which it was collected.Cassava Enterprises (Gibraltar) Limited Suite 601/701 Europort, Gibraltar

This Privacy Policy is subject to change, so please check it regularly. We reserve the right to amend or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and in response to changes in applicable data protection and privacy legislation. In the event the Purposes change, we will notify you as soon as possible and, where required, seek your consent where such notification relates to a new additional purpose for processing.

If you have any enquiry about this Privacy Policy please write to support@888.com

 | 888.comYour privacy is important to us. We value your trust and are committed to protecting and safeguarding any personal information you give us. This document, which we update from time to time, describes how we use and process your personal data and how we use cookies. It also tells you how you can contact us if you have questions about your personal information.

Booking.com provides online travel services through its own websites and mobile apps and through other online platforms such as partners' websites and social media. The information that follows applies to all of these platforms.

Privacy: When you make a reservation, you'll be asked for your name, address, telephone number, email address, payment details, the names of guests traveling with you and your preferences for your stay.

To make it easier to manage your reservations, you can open a user account. This allows you to save your personal settings, review previous bookings and manage future reservations.

When you visit our website, even if you don't make a reservation, we may collect certain information, like your IP address, or browser, and information about your computer's operating system, application version, language settings and pages that have been shown to you. If you are using a mobile device, we might also collect data that identifies your mobile device, device-specific settings and characteristics and latitude/longitude details. We might also calculate and process data related to the type of apps installed on a mobile device, such as the name of the app, an app description and the category it belongs to. None of this information alone will be able to tell us who you are, but it can still considered to be "personal" information.

We may also receive information about you when you use certain social media services.Reservations: First and foremost, we use your personal information to complete and administer your online reservation and forward your reservation details to the accommodation you have booked.
Customer service: We provide international customer service 24/7 from our local offices in more than 20 languages. Sharing your details with our global customer service allows for a quick response when you need us – including helping you find an appropriate accommodation and any questions you might have about your reservation.
Account administration: We offer a user account facility on our website. We use the information you give us to administer this, allowing you to manage your bookings, take advantage of special offers, make future reservations more easily, manage your personal settings, and review accommodations that you previously searched.
Guest reviews: We may use your contact information to invite you to write a guest review after your stay. This can help other travelers choose a place to stay that suits them best.
Marketing activities: We also use your information for marketing activities, as permitted by law. For example:
When you make a reservation with us or set up a user account, we may use your contact information to send you news about similar travel-related products and services. We also send our customers regular newsletters by email. You can opt out, or unsubscribe, from marketing communication at any time.
Based on the information you share with us, individualized offers may be shown to you on the Booking.com website, in mobile apps or on third-party websites, including social media sites.
When we believe that a particular offer may be of interest to you, we may decide to make contact with you by phone.
Other communications: There may be other times when we get in touch by email, by post, by phone or by texting you, depending on the contact information you share with us. There could be a number of reasons for this:
We may need to respond to and handle requests you have made.
If you haven't finalized a reservation online, we may email you a reminder to continue with your reservation. We believe that this additional service is useful to you because it allows you to carry on with a reservation without having to search for the accommodation again or fill in all the reservation details from scratch.
When you use our services, we may send you a questionnaire or invite you to provide a review about your experience with Booking.com.
We may also send you other material related to your reservation, such as how to contact Booking.com if you need assistance while you're away, or a summary of previous reservations you made using Booking.com.
Market research: We sometimes ask our customers to take part in market research. Any additional personal details that you give us as part of the market research will only be used with your consent.
Fraud detection and prevention: We may use personal information for the detection and prevention of fraud and other illegal or unwanted activities.
Improving our services: Finally, we use personal information for analytical purposes, to improve our services, enhance the user experience, and improve the functionality and quality of our online travel services.We use social media to promote our accommodation partners' properties and to promote, improve and facilitate our own services. For example, we integrated social media plugins into the Booking.com website. So when you click on one of the buttons and register with your social media account, information is shared with your social media provider, and possibly presented on your social media profile to be shared with others in your network.

In addition to implementing these buttons, Booking.com uses social media by maintaining accounts on several social media sites and by offering social apps. These social media services may allow you to share information with Booking.com. When you register with a social media app, you'll be told which information will be shared with Booking.com. The information you choose to share with us may include the basic information that's already available in your social media profile, email address, status updates and your friends list. This information is necessary to create a unique user experience either in the app itself or on our website. It facilitates things like personalizing our website to suit your needs, connecting you with your friends on travel destinations and analyzing and enhancing our travel-related services.

We may also enable you to sign in to Booking.com services with your social media accounts. Your social media provider will be able to tell you more about how they use and process your data in such cases.In certain circumstances, we may share your personal data with third parties.

The accommodation you booked: In order to complete your reservation, we need to transfer relevant reservation details to the accommodation you booked with. This may include information like your name, contact and payment details, the names of guests traveling with you and any preferences you specified when making a booking.
Other companies within the Booking.com corporate family: In order to support you during the reservation process and throughout your stay, your details may be shared with subsidiaries of the Booking.com corporate family. To find out more about the Booking.com corporate family, visit About Booking.com. Your information might also be shared with our parent company, Priceline.com, and the other members of the Priceline corporate group (Agoda.com, Rentalcars.com and Kayak.com) for analysis to provide you with travel-related offers that may be of interest to you and to offer you a customized service.
Third-party service providers: We may use third-party service providers to process your personal information on our behalf for the purposes specified above. For example, we may use service providers to send the reservation information on our behalf to the accommodation you just booked, or we may instruct third parties to contact you. When a reservation requires it, we may also work with third-party payment service providers to facilitate payment or payment guarantees. We also work with third-party advertisement networks to market our accommodation and services on other platforms, or involve third-party providers for analytical purposes. These third parties involved in any of these services will be bound by confidentiality agreements and will not be allowed to use your personal information for any purposes other than those specified above.
Our business partners: We work with partner websites around the world to distribute the accommodations listed on our website and mobile apps. When you make a reservation on one of these business partners' websites, certain personal information that you give them may be shared with us. Similarly, we may share information with this business partner, for example, as part of the administration of your account, in order to manage your reservation, so that they can address queries related to your reservation and for marketing purposes. In this context, your information is governed by the privacy policies of these business partners.
Competent authorities: We may share your personal information with government or investigative authorities if we are required by law (or any regulation having the force of law) to do so. Such requirements include court orders, subpoenas and orders arising from legal processes and criminal investigations. We may also disclose your personal data if it is strictly necessary for the prevention, detection or prosecution of criminal acts.We have free apps for a variety of mobile devices. These apps collect and process your personal details a similar way as our website does – and they also allow you to use location services to find hotels nearby.After your stay at any accommodation booked through us, you'll be invited to submit a guest review. If you don't want your name to show with your review, it can be displayed anonymously. By completing a guest review, you're agreeing that it can be displayed (as further described in our Terms and Conditions on, for example, the relevant property information page on our websites, in our mobile apps, in our social media accounts and in social apps, or on the website of the relevant property or on our business partner's website, to inform other travelers about the quality and services of the property you stayed in.


CookiesA cookie is a small amount of data that a website places on your computer.Web pages have no memory. If you are surfing from page to page within a website, you will not be recognized as the same user across pages. Cookies enable your browser to be recognized by the website. So cookies are mainly used to remember the choices you have made – choices such as the language you prefer and the currency you use. They will also make sure you are recognized when you return to a website.No, there are different types of cookies and different ways of using them. Cookies can be categorized according to their function, their lifespan and according to who places them on a website.We try to give our visitors an advanced and user-friendly website that adapts automatically to their needs and wishes. To achieve this, our website uses the following types of cookie:
Technical cookies: We use technical cookies to show you our website, to make it function correctly, create your user account, sign you in and manage your bookings. These technical cookies are absolutely necessary for our website to function properly.
Functional cookies: We also use functional cookies to remember your preferences and to help you use our website efficiently and effectively. For example, we remember your preferred currency and language, your searches and the property you viewed earlier. These functional cookies are not strictly necessary for the functioning of our website, but they add functionality for you and enhance your experience.
Analytics cookies: We use these cookies to gain insight on how our visitors use the website, to find out what works and what doesn't, to optimize and improve our website and to ensure we continue to be interesting and relevant. The data we gather includes which web pages you viewed, which referring/exit pages you entered and left from, which platform type you have used, date and time stamp information and details such as the number of clicks you make on a given page, your mouse movements and scrolling activity, the search words you use and the text you type while using our website.
Commercial cookies: We use these to show you Booking.com advertisements on other websites. This is called “retargeting” and it aims to be based on the destinations you have been searching for and the property you have viewed.The cookies we use have varying lifespans. The maximum lifespan we set on some is five years from your last visit to our website. You can erase all cookies from your browser any time you want. To remove Booking.com cookies from your browser, go to the following link (please note that when you click on this link, all Booking.com cookies will be removed immediately) .You can find our cookies in your browser settings.Yes, Booking.com uses the services of trusted and recognized online advertising and marketing companies. Booking.com may also use third-party providers for analytical purposes. To enable their services, these companies need to place cookies.
The providers we use are committed to building consumer awareness and establishing responsible business and data management practices and standards.

When it comes to online advertising and marketing companies, we strive to only work with companies that are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) and/or the Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB). Members of NAI and IAB adhere to industry standards and codes of conduct. NAI and IAB members allow you to opt out of the behavioral advertising. Visit www.networkadvertising.org and www.youronlinechoices.com to identify the NAI members that may have placed an advertising cookie file on your computer. To opt out of an NAI or IAB member's behavioral advertising program, simply check the box that corresponds to the company from which you wish to opt out.

In order to control the collection of data for analytical purposes by Google Analytics, you may want to visit the following link: Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.Only Booking.com has access to Booking.com cookies. Cookies placed by third parties can be accessed by these third parties.Using your browser settings in, for example, Internet Explorer, Safari, Firefox or Chrome, you can set which cookies to accept and which to reject. Where you find these settings depends on which browser you use. Use the "Help" function in your browser to locate the settings you need.

If you choose not to accept certain cookies, you may not be able to use some functions on our website. Plus, opting out of an online advertising network doesn't mean that you won't receive or be subject to online advertising or marketing analysis. It means that the network you opted out of will no longer deliver ads tailored to your web preferences and browsing patterns.In addition to using cookies, Booking.com sometimes uses web beacons. A web beacon is a tiny graphic image of just one pixel that's delivered to your computer either as part of a web page request or in an HTML email message. Either directly or through service providers, we use these pixels as part of our online advertisements either on our website or on third-party websites to learn whether a user who is being shown an online advertisement also makes a reservation; to track conversion with partner websites and to analyze a user's traffic patterns in order to optimize the travel-related services we bring to you.


SecurityIn accordance with European data protection laws, we observe reasonable procedures to prevent unauthorized access and the misuse of personal information.

We use appropriate business systems and procedures to protect and safeguard the personal information you give us. We also use security procedures and technical and physical restrictions for accessing and using the personal information on our servers. Only authorized personnel are permitted to access personal information in the course of their work.

Your credit card details – when they are needed as part of the reservation process – are stored for a maximum of 10 days. After that, your credit card data will be either permanently deleted from our systems or will remain hashed in our system for fraud detection purposes. This is unless you have chosen to store your credit card details in your personal account.The services offered by Booking.com are not directed at children under the age of 18. The use of any of our services is only allowed with the valid consent of a parent or a guardian. When we receive information from a child under the age of 18, we reserve the right to delete it.

ContactYou always have the right to review the personal information we keep about you. You can request an overview of your personal data by emailing us at customer.service@booking.com. Please write "Request personal information" in the subject line of your email and include a copy of your identity card to help us prevent unauthorized individuals from accessing your personal data.

If the personal information we have for you is incorrect, we will update it at your request. You can also ask us to remove your personal data from our customer database by sending an email to customer.service@booking.com with “Request for removal of personal information” in the subject line. However, we may need to retain certain information, for example, for legal or administrative purposes, such as record keeping or to detect fraudulent activities. You can delete your user account at any time by signing into your account on the Booking.com website and choosing to remove your account.Booking.com B.V. controls the processing of personal information on its websites and mobile apps. Booking.com B.V. is a private limited liability company, incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands and has its offices at Herengracht 597, 1017 CE Amsterdam, the Netherlands. The Dutch Data Protection Authority Notification number is 1288246. If you have any suggestions or comments about this privacy notice, please send an email to customer.service@booking.com.

Last updated July 5, 2013Privacy PolicyPersonal information submitted on this Web site is used by Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc., or its cooperating organizations solely for the purpose stated to the user at the time of submission. Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc. does not give your personal information to anyone else unless it is necessary to do so in order to provide the service requested by the user and it has made a full disclosure to the user or it has good faith belief that disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to satisfy any applicable laws or regulations or to detect and prevent fraud, security, or technical issues. Any personal information submitted will not be sold, traded, or rented under any circumstances.The e-mail address that you supply when creating an account on this Web site will be used to contact you regarding your account. For example, if you forget your user name or password and request assistance with logging in, assistance will be provided by means of a message sent to the e-mail address entered in your user profile.Cookies are used to remember preferences that are chosen by the user when using jw.org. For example, the preferred language in which to view jw.org is stored in a cookie so that this language is selected when the user returns to the Web site. No personal information is collected by or stored in cookies.Scripting is used by jw.org to improve the functionality of the Web site. Using scripting technology allows jw.org to return information more quickly to the user. Scripting is never used by jw.org to install software on the user's computer or to collect unauthorized information from the user.

Active scripting or JavaScript must be enabled in the browser for some portions of jw.org to work correctly. Most Web browsers allow this feature to be enabled or disabled for specific Web sites. Consult the Web browser help documentation to learn how to enable scripting for selected Web sites.

If ever it proves necessary to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect and how we use it.This Privacy Policy explains our policy regarding the collection, use, disclosure and transfer of your information by the Netflix family of companies ("Netflix") (help.netflix.com/article/en/node/6592). To learn which company is responsible for processing your personal information and for instructions on how to contact us, please see the “International Users/Contacting Us” section below. By using, visiting or browsing the Netflix service, you accept and agree to our information practices described below.

Please note that this Privacy Policy includes embedded hyperlinks that may only be accessed through our website, so if you are reviewing this Privacy Policy through certain Netflix ready devices (for example game consoles or Internet enabled televisions), you may need to visit the website to review these hyperlinked terms.

Collection and Use of Information
Disclosure of Personal Information
Social Sharing
Other Websites, Platforms and Applications
Children
Right to Access Your Information
Cookies and Internet Advertising
Security
Changes to This Policy
Transfer of Information
International Users/Contacting UsWe receive and store information, including personal information, about you and your use of our service. This information is gathered in a number of ways, including when you enter it on our website and from interactions with our service. In this Privacy Policy, we use the term “personal information” to mean information that can be used to uniquely identify or contact you. Non-personal information is information that does not permit direct association with you. We may collect, use, transfer and disclose non-personal information for any purpose. You can choose not to provide personal information we may request of you, but, in general, most of the personal information we request is required in order to provide our service and the lack of such personal information will prevent us from doing so.

When you interact with us, we may ask you to supply us with personal information so that we can provide, enhance and personalize our services and marketing efforts. For similar reasons, we may supplement the personal information you provide with publicly available information about you as well as information from other sources, as permitted by law. We use this personal information for various reasons, including to process your registration, your orders and your payments, and to communicate on these and other topics. For example, we may use your e-mail address or other methods to send newsletters, messages about new Netflix features, Netflix special offers, promotional announcements, consumer surveys and other correspondence and marketing concerning our service. If you no longer want to receive certain communications from us via email, simply access the "Email preferences" (https://www.netflix.com/EmailPreferences) link on the "Your Account" page of our website (https://www.netflix.com/YourAccount) and uncheck those items to unsubscribe, or click the “unsubscribe” link in the email. For information about opting out of certain postal communications, please visit https://help.netflix.com/article/en/node/8748#gsc.tab=0. Please note that you cannot unsubscribe from certain correspondence from us, including messages relating to your account transactions.

We keep track of your interactions with us and collect information related to you and your use of our service, including but not limited to: your online activity, title selections, reviews, ratings, payment history, correspondence, Internet protocol addresses, device and software data (such as type, configuration and unique identifiers), instant watching of movies, TV shows and related activity. We use this information for such purposes as determining your general geographic location, providing localized content, enforcing our terms (such as determining your eligibility for a free trial), providing recommendations on movies & TV shows we think will be enjoyable, personalizing the service and our marketing to better reflect particular interests, tracking your instant-watching hours, determining your Internet service provider, helping us quickly and efficiently respond to inquiries and requests and otherwise analyzing, enhancing, administering or promoting our service offering for you and other users. We may supplement this information with information from other sources, including offline data and your browsing behavior on other sites and interactions with our advertising. We also provide analysis of our users in the aggregate or otherwise in anonymous form to prospective partners, advertisers and other third parties. We may also disclose and otherwise use, on an anonymous basis, movie & TV show ratings, consumption habits, commentary, reviews and other information. For example, we use movie & TV show ratings and consumption behavior to improve our recommendations to you as well as other users.

While using the Netflix service, you will have opportunities to post reviews or other information in public forums. Please understand that when you post such information, it is made public and is not subject to this policy. We are not responsible for any third party's use of information you publicly disclose through our service.

From time to time, we may partner with companies whose products we believe will interest our members. In conjunction with these partners, we may send promotional announcements and/or serve web-based advertisements on their behalf, as permitted by law. You can go to the "Email preferences" (https://www.netflix.com/EmailPreferences) link on the "Your Account" page and request that your name be excluded from marketing emails.

You may connect one or more social networks (such as Facebook) with your Netflix account. If you choose to do so, we will collect and use information from your social networking account(s) and your use of our social features. For more details about our social features, information we collect and use, as well as account connection, including how to disconnect, see our Social Terms (https://www.netflix.com/socialterms).

We may share your personal information among the Netflix family of companies (https://help.netflix.com/article/en/node/6592). The Netflix companies that access your personal information will follow practices that are consistent with the practices described in this Privacy Policy.

In addition we use other companies, agents or contractors (“Service Providers”) to perform services on our behalf or to assist us with the provision of services to you. For example, we engage Services Providers to provide marketing, communications, infrastructure and IT services, personalize and optimize our service, process credit card transactions, provide customer service, collect debts, analyze and enhance data, including users' interaction with our service, and process consumer surveys. In the course of providing such services, these other companies may have access to your personal information. We do not authorize these companies to use or disclose your personal information except in connection with providing the services we request of them.

We may offer joint promotions or programs that, in order for participation, will require personal information be shared with third parties. For example, we may partner with companies that offer incentives, such as frequent flyer mileage awards, if you sign up or otherwise utilize our service. In fulfilling these types of promotions, we may share your name and other information in connection with fulfilling the incentive. By participating in such joint promotions or programs, you agree to our sharing of your information. Please note that we do not control the privacy practices of these third party businesses.

Netflix also reserves the right to disclose personal information if we reasonably believe that access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request, (b) enforce applicable terms of use, including investigation of potential violations thereof, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address illegal or suspected illegal activities, security or technical issues, or (d) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Netflix, its users or the public as required or permitted by law. In connection with any reorganization, restructuring, merger or sale, or other transferring of assets we reserve the right to transfer information, including personal information, provided that the receiving party agrees to respect your personal information in a manner that is consistent with our Privacy Policy.

You may elect to share information about your use of the Netflix service, including what you watch, within Netflix as well as on other social networks and in other communications. Your use of our social features is subject to our Social Terms (https://www.netflix.com/socialterms); please review them for details.

The Netflix service may be provided through platforms or contain links to sites operated by third parties whose policies regarding the handling of information may differ from ours. For example, you may be able to access the Netflix service through platforms such as PlayStation systems, Microsoft Xbox, Nintendo Wii, Roku Streaming Player, iPad or iPhone and a number of other Internet connected devices. While we endeavor to associate with reputable companies, Netflix cannot be responsible for the information handling practices of these other websites and platforms. These websites and platforms have separate and independent privacy statements, notices and terms of use, which we recommend you read carefully. In addition, you may encounter third party applications that interact with the Netflix service. To learn more about these, see our Terms of Use (www.netflix.com/termsofuse).

You must be 18 years of age or older to subscribe to the Netflix service. In certain jurisdictions, the age of majority may be older than 18, in which case, you must satisfy that age in order to become a member. While individuals under the age of 18 may utilize the service, they may do so only with the involvement, supervision, and approval of a parent or legal guardian, and subject to our Terms of Use (www.netflix.com/termsofuse).

We give you access and the ability to update a broad range of information about your account, including your contact information and your communication preferences in the "Your Account" portion of our website. You must be signed in to access "Your Account." If you have a question regarding our privacy practices, or want to exercise your rights regarding your personal information, please contact us at privacy@netflix.com.

Visit About Cookies and Internet Advertising (https://www.netflix.com/cookies) for information about our use of cookies, other technologies, and Internet advertising.

Netflix takes information security seriously and uses reasonable administrative, technical, physical and managerial measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access. For example, we utilize Secure Sockets Layering, an industry-standard protocol for certain of your transmissions to us, in order to encrypt certain personal information that you send to us through the registration and sign up process.

Unfortunately, no security system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee the security of your information and cannot assume liability for improper access to it. By using our service, including our website and user interfaces, or providing information to us through any means, you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the Netflix service.

In order to provide you with ease of access to your account and to help administer the Netflix service, Netflix implements technology that enables us to recognize you as the account holder and provide you with direct access to your account without requiring you to retype any password or other user identification when you revisit the Netflix service. You can choose not to take advantage of this feature on your computer by unchecking the box "Remember me on this computer" when you login on the website. To remove access to your Netflix account from your devices: (a) visit "Your Account" (https://www.netflix.com/YourAccount) (note, deactivation may not occur immediately) or (b) delete your Netflix settings from your device (steps vary by device and the option is not available on all devices). You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account access information and for restricting access to your computer or device through which you access your Netflix account. Where possible, users of public or shared devices should log out at the completion of each visit. If you sell or return a computer or Netflix ready device, you should log-out and deactivate the device before doing so. If you do not maintain the security of your password or device, or fail to log out or deactivate your device, subsequent users may be able to access your account, including your personal information.

Netflix may, from time to time, make changes to this Privacy Policy, the Social Terms or About Cookies and Internet Advertising. Such revisions shall be effective immediately; provided however, for existing members, such revisions shall, unless otherwise stated, be effective 30 days after posting. We will endeavor to post prior versions (including marked changes) of the Privacy Policy, if any, for the preceding 12-month period. You can see these prior versions of the Privacy Policy by visiting our website (www.netflix.com/privacypolicychanges).

Given that the Internet is a global environment, using the Internet to collect and process information necessarily involves the transmission of data on an international basis. Therefore, by using Netflix, you acknowledge and agree to the transfer of your information outside your country of residence to any country (including the United States) where we have facilities or engage third parties (including but not limited to payment processors, cloud service or other IT providers, and other companies that provide services to us). You understand that the countries to which we may transfer information may not have as comprehensive a level of data protection as in your country.

If you reside in a member state of the European Economic Area, your personal data is controlled by Netflix Luxembourg S.à r.l, who is providing the service to you (address below). Individuals who reside in Brazil are being provided the service by Netflix Entretenimento Brasil, Ltda. Av. Bernardino de Campos, 98 - 4° andar - sala 36, Paraiso, Cep 04004-040 SP Brasil. Otherwise, Netflix, Inc. (address below) is providing the service to you and is the data controller (where applicable).

If you have questions concerning your account, please contact Customer Service. If you have questions concerning this Privacy Policy, including the treatment of your personal information and/or our use of cookies and other technologies, please contact us via email at privacy@netflix.com, or at the following:

For US, Canadian, Latin American and other non-European customers:

Netflix, Inc., 100 Winchester Circle, Los Gatos, CA 95032, U.S.A. Attention: General Counsel.

For European customers:

Netflix Luxembourg S.à r.l., 26, Boulevard Royal, #205 L2449 Luxembourg, Attn: Manager.


Last updated: September 11, 2013Skip to main content

search
Berkeley web  Directory  NewsCenter
MAP | CALMAIL | bCONNECTED | SEARCH:
Students Prospective students Faculty Staff Cal Parents Alumni & friends

About Berkeley
Applying to Berkeley
Academics
Research
Teaching
Working
Campus life
Public service & community
Visiting & getting around
Administration & services


Micro-catapult shows material's potential for making artificial muscle
Four young professors awarded presidential early-career awards
Employee discounts offered for UC online-ed classes
Geoff Nunberg's Word of the Year: ‘selfie'
Fall graduates to celebrate at commencement ceremony

More news >


On this page
Overview of the Office of Public Affairs' editorial role
Policies governing links to websites
Publicizing news, events, & initiatives
Policies governing electronic communicationUC Berkeley's gateway site (the main campus website), which is managed by the Office of Public Affairs, serves multiple purposes. As the gateway site to the millions of files which are online here at Berkeley, it helps users find the information they are seeking as quickly as possible, provides timely information, and showcases the excellence of the University.

All requests for links from the home page and other gateway pages will be taken under advisement by Public Affairs and carefully considered. Public Affairs reserves the sole right to decide to post requested links, and to decide the most appropriate placement of links within the gateway site.

This website has been built so that it is accessible to those who are without sight and use screen readers.

Additional information about the history and accessibility of the gateway site, including screenshots of earlier iterations, is online.

For campus units interested in harmonizing the look and feel of their websites with the main UC Berkeley site, a set of web page design templates has been created to make this as easy as possible.Links on the home and second-level pages

The links and information included on the campus home page and on the site's second-level pages are designed to provide a broad overview of the university and to help users quickly find the spectrum of information online here at UC Berkeley. These pages do not and cannot provide a complete set of links to all of the millions of files online here. They target sites proven to be of widespread interest or that serve a critical mission.

Web registry: The A-Z list of campus websites

Our A-Z web registry of campus websites provides a comprehensive index of major websites here. The A to Z listings provide an alphabetized and cross-referenced list of the most significant campus websites. Home pages for all campus units, departments and programs registered in the campus web registry are included in the A to Z listings. In general, subpages of those websites will not be linked from the A to Z list. For example, although the Library home page is linked, the Library Development office is not. In addition, a search of the main website provides results in which registered sites are given prominence.

Add a site to the A-Z web registry.Criteria for headlines and calendar listings

Links to events or stories from the home page and other gateway pages must be of broad, general interest, with audiences ranging from the campus community to the general public. Public Affairs also publishes the UC Berkeley NewsCenter and the Critic's Choice of upcoming campus events. The office receives myriad worthwhile requests from across campus and weighs every request with care before making editorial determinations. Requests that fall outside normal standards and procedures cannot be accommodated.

Suggest a headline or story to be featured in the UC Berkeley NewsCenter or on the campus home page.

Submit a listing to the online calendar of events. Events must take place on campus and/or be sponsored by a campus organization.Websites at UC Berkeley are governed by the University of California Electronic Communications Policy as well as UC Berkeley's Online Activities Policy.

Report misuse of campus electronic communication resources to abuse@berkeley.edu. For abuse from off-campus, see: Responding to Inappropriate Use of Computing and Network Resources.

For more information, see Campus Information Technology Policies.
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
GoolglePlus
YouTube
iTunes
UC Berkeley Websites A-Z Add site to A-Z Policies Contact us
Copyright © 2013 UC Regents; all rights reservedProtecting your privacy is very important to us. We do not collect any personally identifiable information (PII) about you during your visit to the NIDDK website unless you choose to provide it to us. We do, however, collect some data about your visit to our website to help us better understand how the public uses the site and how to make it more helpful. We collect information from visitors who read, browse, and/or download information from our website. NIDDK never collects information for commercial marketing or any purpose unrelated to the NIDDK mission and goals.

When visitors send email messages containing personal information to the general NIDDK.NIH.gov email box, NIDDK staff responds to the letters and files them. Only designated staff members requiring access to the emails to respond may view or answer them.When you browse through any Website, certain information about your visit can be collected. We automatically collect and temporarily store the following information about your visit:

Domain from which you access the Internet
IP address (an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to a computer when surfing the Web)
Operating system and information about the browser used when visiting the site

Date and time of your visit
Pages you visited
Address of the website that connected you to an NIH Website (such as google.com or bing.com)
We use this information to measure the number of visitors to our website and its various sections and to help make our site more useful to visitors.NIDDK websites use a variety of different web measurement software tools and specific information regarding information collection can be found on their respective websites.

NIDDK.NIH.gov uses Webtrends and Google Analytics measurement software to collect the information in the bulleted list in the Types of Information Collected section above. Webtrends and Google Analytics collect information automatically and continuously. No personally identifiable information is collected. The NIDDK staff conducts analyses and reports on the aggregated data from Webtrends and Google Analytics. The reports are only available to NIDDK.NIH.gov managers, members of the NIDDK.NIH.gov Communications and Web Teams, and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties.

NIDDK also uses online surveys to collect opinions and feedback from a random sample of visitors. NIDDK.NIH.gov uses the ForeSee Results' American Customer Satisfaction Index (ACSI) online survey to obtain feedback and data on visitors' satisfaction with the NIDDK.NIH.gov website and other sites managed by NIDDK. This survey does not collect personally identifiable information. Although the survey invitation pops up for a random sample of visitors, it is optional. If you decline the survey, you will still have access to the identical information and resources at the NIH.gov site as those who do take the survey. The survey reports are available only to NIDDK.NIH.gov managers, members of the NIDDK.NIH.gov Communications and Web Teams, and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties.

NIDDK retains the data from Webtrends and ACSI survey results as long as needed to support the mission of the NIDDK.NIH.gov website.The Office of Management and Budget Memo M-10-22, Guidance for Online Use of Web Measurement and Customization TechnologiesExternal Link Disclaimer allows Federal agencies to use session and persistent cookies.

When you visit any website, its server may generate a piece of text known as a "cookie" to place on your computer. The cookie allows the server to "remember" specific information about your visit while you are connected.

The cookie makes it easier for you to use the dynamic features of web pages. Cookies from NIDDK web pages only collect information about your browser's visit to the site; they do not collect personal information about you.

There are two types of cookies, single session (temporary) and multi-session (persistent). Session cookies last only as long as your web browser is open. Once you close your browser, the cookie disappears. Persistent cookies are stored on your computer for longer periods.

Session Cookies: We use session cookies for technical purposes such as to enable better navigation through our site. These cookies let our server know that you are continuing a visit to our site. The OMB Memo 10-22 Guidance defines our use of session cookies as “Usage Tier 1—Single Session.” The policy says, “This tier encompasses any use of single session web measurement and customization technologies.”

Persistent Cookies: We use persistent cookies to enable website analytics programs to differentiate between new and returning NIH.gov visitors. Persistent cookies remain on your computer between visits to NIH.gov until they expire. We also use persistent cookies to block repeated invitations to take the ACSI survey. The persistent cookies that block repeated survey invitations expire in 90 days. The OMB Memo 10-22 Guidance defines our use of persistent cookies as “Usage Tier 2 – Multi-session without Personally Identifiable Information (PII).” The policy says, “This tier encompasses any use of multi-session Web measurement and customization technologies when no PII is collected.”If you do not wish to have session or persistent cookies placed on your computer, you can disable them using your Web browser. If you opt out of cookies, you will still have access to all information and resources at NIH.gov. Instructions for disabling or opting out of cookies in the most popular browsers are located at http://www.usa.gov/optout_instructions.shtmlExternal Link Disclaimer. Please note that by following the instructions to opt-out of cookies, you will disable cookies from all sources, not just those from NIDDK.NIH.gov.NoneYou do not have to give us personal information to visit the NIDDK websites. However, if you choose to receive alerts or e-newsletters, we collect your email address to complete the subscription process.

If you choose to provide us with personally identifiable information, that is, information that is personal in nature and which may be used to identify you, through an e-mail message, request for information, paper or electronic form, questionnaire, customer satisfaction survey, epidemiology research study, etc., we will maintain the information you provide only as long as needed to respond to your question or to fulfill the stated purpose of the communication. If we store your personal information in a record system designed to retrieve information about you by personal identifier (name, personal email address, home mailing address, personal or mobile phone number, etc.), so that we may contact you, we will safeguard the information you provide to us in accordance with the Privacy Act of 1974, as amended (5 U.S.C. Section 552a).

If NIDDK operates a record system designed to retrieve information about you in order to accomplish its mission, a Privacy Act Notification Statement should be prominently and conspicuously displayed on the public-facing website or form which asks you to provide personally identifiable information. The notice must address the following 5 criteria:
NIDDK legal authorization to collect information about you
Purpose of the information collection
Routine uses for disclosure of information outside of NIDDK
Whether the request made of you is voluntary or mandatory under law
Effects of non-disclosure if you choose to not provide the requested information
For further information about the NIDDK privacy policy, please contact the NIDDK Privacy Act Liaison.
Third-Party Web Sites and Applications including Social Media Sites
AddThis: NIDDK.NIH.gov uses the AddThis service to allow visitors to bookmark and share the News in Health Web site content on a variety of social media sites. Visitors who use the AddThis service to share content do not need to register or provide any personal information. The AddThis service providers collect non-personal data, including the aggregate and summary statistics on browsers and usage patterns. AddThis also uses non-personal data to manage the service efficiently and diagnose server problems. Although AddThis offers some analytics and usage data to NIH, these reports do not include any personally identifiable information. The reports are password protected and only available to NIH.gov managers, members of the NIH.gov Communications and Web Teams, and other designated staff requiring this information to perform their duties. The AddThis Privacy policy is available at: http://www.addthis.com/privacyExternal Link Disclaimer.

Facebook: NIDDK uses Facebook to share information about NIDDK and NIDDK program activities via short messages known as “wall posts.” NIDDK.gov has three Facebook pages—National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases (NIDDK) , Make the Kidney Connection (NKDEP) , and National Diabetes Education Program (NDEP) . Many other NIH Institutes and Centers (I/Cs) sponsor their own Facebook pages. The privacy policies for the other I/Cs Facebook pages are located on the individual I/C's website.

On each of the NIDDK.NIH.gov Facebook pages, NIDDK.NIH.gov staff posts news and other items of interest to citizens. If you have a Facebook account or “Like” NIDDK Facebook pages, you can post comments or click on the “Like” option for individual entries. If you comment or click on the “Like” button, personally identifying information will be visible to NIDDK staff and other Facebook site visitors. The amount of visible personal information will depend on your own Facebook privacy settings. You can completely avoid displaying any personally identifiable information by not creating an account, not posting comments and not clicking on the “Like” options in Facebook. NIDDK staff does not collect, use or disclose any information about visitors who comment or “Like” the NIDDK Facebook sites. Facebook collects and reports on non-personally identifiable information about activities on Facebook pages. This information is password protected and only available to NIDDK.NIH.gov managers, members of the NIDDK.NIH.gov Communications and Web Teams, and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties. The Facebook privacy policy is available at: http://www.facebook.com/policy.phpExternal Link Disclaimer

Go.USA.Gov and Bit.ly: NIDDK uses go.usa.gov and bit.ly to shorten long URLs for use in email messages, Twitter feeds, and on Facebook pages. Go.USA.Gov and Bit.ly collect and provide data on how often email recipients and Facebook and Twitter-users click on the shortened URLs distributed by NIDDK.NIH.gov staff. Go.USA.Gov and Bit.ly analytics show how many people clicked on the URLs posted by NIDDK compared to the total number of clicks on the shortened URLs. Go.USA.Gov and Bit.ly analytics do not provide any personally identifiable information about the visitors who opened the shortened links. The Go.USA.Gov Privacy Statement is available at https://go.usa.gov/privacy_statementExternal Link Disclaimer. The Bit.ly Privacy policy is available at: http://bit.ly/pages/privacy

GovDelivery Subscription Management: NIDDK uses GovDelivery to send e-newsletters, alerts and other messages to visitors who subscribe to them. To subscribe to an NIH product, you must provide an email address and indicate your subscription preferences, including the items you want to receive. The email subscriber lists are password protected by GovDelivery. Only the NIDDK managers who send newsletters, alerts or memos via GovDelivery and staff members who monitor the results of email initiatives have access to the subscriber lists. GovDelivery never allows access to the subscriber lists to anyone outside of NIDDK or for any purpose. GovDelivery collects and provides non-identifying information about the number of messages sent, clicks and open rates. This information is password protected and only available to NIDDK.NIH.gov managers, members of the NIDDK.NIH.gov Communications and Web Teams, and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties. The GovDelivery privacy policy is available at: http://www.govdelivery.com/legal-privacyExternal Link Disclaimer

Slideshare: NIDDK uses SlideShare to post and embed presentation slides and accompanying audio to its websites. You do not need to register with SlideShare to view NIDDK presentations. When visitors view presentations, SlideShare may record non-personally identifiable information about its site usage, such as time spent on the site, pages visited, and data transfer details to improve its services. If you log on to the SlideShare site before viewing NIDDK presentations, SlideShare may associate information about your site use with your SlideShare account. If you log on to SlideShare and comment on an NIDDK presentation, any personal information you included when registering for your account will be visible to visitors who click on the comment. If you do not log in before watching NIDDK presentations posted on SlideShare, your site use will not be associated with your SlideShare account. The SlideShare privacy policy is available at: http://www.slideshare.net/privacyExternal Link Disclaimer

Twitter: NIDDK uses Twitter to send short messages, up to 140 characters, which are also known as “Tweets” to share information about NIDDK with visitors and respond to comments and inquiries sent via Twitter to NIDDK. While visitors may read the NIDDK Twitter feeds without subscribing to them, visitors who want to subscribe to (or follow) NIDDK Twitter feeds must create a Twitter account at www.twitter.com. To create an account, you must provide some personal information, such as name, user name, password and email address. Visitors have the option to provide additional personal information including a short biography, location or a picture. Most information you provide for a Twitter account is available to the public, but you can modify how much of your information is visible by changing your privacy settings at the Twitter.com Web site. NIDDK staff members monitor the number of subscribers and respond to comments and queries via Twitter, but the staff never takes possession of the personal information belonging to Twitter followers. NIDDK does not collect, maintain, disclose or share any information about people who follow NIDDK on Twitter. The Twitter privacy policy is available at: http://twitter.com/privacyExternal Link Disclaimer

Widgets: NIDDK.NIH.gov offers a variety of widgets that deliver small versions of selected NIDDK.NIH site content to other online locations outside of the site where the content originated. Widgets are portable pieces of code. Visitors can install the widgets on any PC or Mac web page without requiring additional coding or configuration. NIDDK.NIH.gov widgets deliver information and links to any site or application where the widgets are installed. NIDDK.NIH widgets do not collect any type of personally identifying information from visitors who install NIDDK.NIH.gov widgets. The WidgetBox.com privacy policy is available at: http://www.widgetbox.com/info/legal/privacy-policyExternal Link Disclaimer Note: This is the privacy policy for the website www.widgetbox.com (widget program creator), not the widgets themselves.

YouTube: NIDDK.NIH.gov posts videos on YouTube to make them available to all NIDDK.NIH.gov visitors. You do not need to register with either YouTube or Google (YouTube owner) to watch NIDDK.NIH.gov videos. When visitors watch videos, YouTube may record non-personally identifiable information about its site usage, such as channels used, videos watched, and data transfer details to improve its services. If you log on to the YouTube site before watching NIDDK videos, YouTube may associate information about your site use with your YouTube account. If you log on to YouTube and comment on a NIDDK video, any personal information you included when registering for your account will be visible to visitors who click on the comment. If you do not log in before watching NIH videos posted on YouTube, your site use will not be associated with you or a YouTube account. The YouTube privacy policy is Google's privacy policy: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/The NIDDK social media accounts—on websites such as Facebook, Linked-In, Twitter, and YouTube—are managed by the staff of the NIDDK Information Office, NIDDK Information Clearinghouses, and Education Programs, which are services of the NIDDK, NIH.

If you connect with the NIDDK on any social media site, you can expect some or all of the following:

information about new and updated resources from the NIDDK
invitations to provide feedback about specific issues
information about new research findings
information about other NIDDK activities, such as exhibits at conferences for health care professionals
information about other resources
Availability: We will update and monitor our social media accounts during office hours, 8:30 a.m. to 5:00 p.m., Monday through Friday, Eastern Standard Time (EST). Social media sites may occasionally be unavailable, and we accept no responsibility for lack of service due to third-party website downtime.

Posted Comments: We welcome feedback and ideas from all our fans; and, we endeavor to join the conversation whenever possible. However, we are not able to respond individually to all the comments we receive via social media.

By your commenting, we do not gather any information about you, other than information automatically collected and stored when you visit any of our websites and you choose to provide that information to us. The NIDDK will not share or sell any personal information obtained from users with any other organization or government agency except as required by law.

Posted comments will be retained to comply with records retention guidelines as set by Section 44 of the United States Code, chapters 31 and 35, Office of Management and Budget (OMB) Circular A-130 and NARA regulations in 36 CFR ch. XII, subchapter B. NIDDK staff reads all comments and ensures any emerging themes or helpful suggestions are passed to the relevant staff members or department.

The usual ways of contacting us for official correspondence are detailed in the Contact NIDDK section of the NIDDK website.Ordering Online with us is safe and secure. The security of the information included in your order is very important to us. We use the 128-bit Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol to protect the security of your online order information. SSL technology encrypts your order information so it cannot be decoded by anyone other than NIDDK and contracted companies.

Once you enter the checkout page, your computer will begin communicating with our server in secure mode. You can tell that you are in secure mode by the following:

The “http” in the web address will be replaced by “https”.
Only browsers that use the 128-bit SSL protocol are able to order through the NIDDK website. If your browser does not support SSL, you can get an upgrade at the Microsoft, Firefox, or Apple home page.We are part of the "Williams–Sonoma, Inc. Brands" which includes Williams–Sonoma, Pottery Barn, pottery barn kids, PBteen, west elm, Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham. Williams–Sonoma, Inc. Brands are committed to respecting your privacy and recognizing your need for appropriate protection and management of contact information you share with us (the phrase "contact information" means any information by which you can be contacted or identified, such as your name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, etc.). The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you what information we may collect from you, how we use such information, and the choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to review, correct and opt out of our use of, the information. This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect about you in our stores and through our websites and mobile applications. By using any of our web sites, mobile applications, or sharing your contact information with us, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Policy.

As a part of our commitment to your privacy, Williams–Sonoma, Inc. Brands support and adhere to the guidelines and practices adopted by the Direct Marketing Association's "Privacy Promise to American Consumers." We have agreed to (1) provide customers with notice of their ability to opt out of information rental, sale, or exchange with other marketers; (2) honor customers' requests not to share their contact information with other marketers; and (3) honor customers' requests not to receive mail, telephone, or other solicitations from Williams–Sonoma, Inc. Brands.There may be times (such as when you purchase or order a product, subscribe to a service, register to receive catalogs, or to participate in contests, sweepstakes or promotions, etc.) when we ask you to provide certain contact information about yourself, such as your name, shipping/billing address, telephone number, email address, social media user name, credit card information, birth date, gender, occupation, personal interests, and other information. We may also maintain a record of your product purchases.

Whether or not to provide such information is completely your own choice. But if you choose not to provide the information we request, you may be unable to purchase products, or access certain services, offers and content on our web sites. In addition, we may need to contact you via phone, email or mail to address questions or issues specific to your order, entry, etc., even if you have opted to not receive marketing communications from us.

In general, you can visit many of our web pages without telling us who you are or revealing any contact information about yourself. We may track the Internet domain address from which people visit us and analyze this data for preferences, trends, and site usage statistics, but individual users will remain anonymous, unless you voluntarily tell us who you are. We may also receive anonymous usage data from your mobile phone or other device you use to access our web sites or our mobile applications, including location data.

If you access any of our websites or mobile applications with your log-in credentials from a social networking site (e.g., facebook or twitter) or if you otherwise agree to associate your account with us with a social networking site, we may receive personal information about you from such social networking site, in accordance with the terms of use and privacy policy of the social networking site. We may add this information to the information we have already collected from you via our stores, websites and mobile applications.We use your contact information for internal purposes only, such as:

confirming and tracking your order, subscription, or registration;
analyzing preferences, trends, and statistics;
informing you of our new products, services, and offers; and
providing you with other information from and about Williams–Sonoma, Inc. Brands.

We process your contact information only in ways compatible with the purposes for which it was collected or authorized by you. To the extent necessary for such purposes, we take reasonable steps to make sure that your contact information is accurate, complete, current, and otherwise reliable with regard to its intended use.

From time to time we might establish a business relationship with other persons or entities whom we believe trustworthy and whom we have asked to confirm that their privacy policies are consistent with ours. These are known as our Select Partners. In such cases we might rent, exchange, share and/or cross–reference information, including contact information about you that will enable such persons or entities to contact you regarding products and services that may be of interest to you.

To serve you better, we may combine information you give us online, in our stores or through our catalogs. We may also combine that information with publicly available information and information we receive from or cross–reference with our Select Partners and others. We use that combined information to enhance and personalize the shopping experience of you and others with us, to communicate with you about our products and events that may be of interest to you, and for other promotional purposes.

We may contract with companies or persons to provide certain services including credit card processing, shipping, data management, promotional services, etc. We call them our Service Providers. We provide our Service Providers with the information needed for them to perform these services. We also ask our Service Providers to confirm that their privacy practices are consistent with ours.

We allow third–party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web sites. These companies may use non–personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt–out of this type of advertising, you can visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/.

We may share contact information and other data with businesses controlling, controlled by, or under common control with any Williams–Sonoma, Inc. Brands. In certain instances we may disclose your contact information when we have reason to believe that it is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against persons or entities who may be causing injury to you, to Williams–Sonoma, Inc. Brands or to others. We may also disclose your contact information when we believe the law or legal process requires it.
Opting Out Of Marketing And Transfers; Updating and Deleting Information About You

We want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us. If you prefer not to receive direct marketing from us or from our Select Partners, or if you would like to opt out of our rental or exchange of your information with other marketers, please let us know. In the U.S., you can call us at 800.541.1262 or send us an email. Outside of the U.S., you can call us at 405.717.6139 or send us an email. Please be sure to include your full name, email address, mailing address, and specifically what information you do not want to receive. If you would like to update or correct your email address, mailing address or other contact information with us please contact us the same way. If you like, you may use either of the following statements in your message to us:

"I prefer not to receive email advertisements, such as updates regarding products and services, special promotions or upcoming events."
"I prefer not to receive direct mail advertisements, such as periodic catalogs and mailings regarding products and services, special promotions or upcoming events."

You may also click the designated link at the bottom of all email advertisements to be removed from future email updates.

Please note that any requests to remove or update your contact information may take up to five days for your email request and 6–8 weeks to process your postal mail request.

For international shipping orders, Williams–Sonoma, Inc. Brands partner with Borderfree, Inc. ("Borderfree"). We have contracted with Borderfree to assure that they will carefully process your information consistent with this Privacy Policy.

When we identify that your order is one that will be shipped internationally, we work with Borderfree to complete your order. On the checkout page, you will be required to submit credit card and contact information (name, billing address, shipping address, email address and phone number) to Borderfree to complete your order. Upon completion of your order, Borderfree will notify us of the approval of your order, and we will then ship approved orders to Borderfree. Simultaneously, Borderfree will purchase the product from us, which allows them to take title to the product(s), bill your credit card, collect and remit any duties and taxes to the appropriate taxing authority and arrange for the product to be delivered to you. In this process, Borderfree makes the sale to you as the merchant of record. When ordering a product, you will be presented with Borderfree's terms and conditions to which you must agree in order to receive the product(s) you ordered.

Once you place your order, you will be prompted to check the box to indicate if you would like to receive information from Williams–Sonoma, Inc. Brands regarding offers and promotions that may be available from time to time. If you check the box, Borderfree will share your information with Williams–Sonoma, Inc. Brands, and we will protect and use your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

If you choose to provide Williams–Sonoma, Inc. Brands with your information, you consent to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers located in the United States.

Williams–Sonoma, Inc. Brands adheres to the US–EU and US–Swiss Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of Notice, Choice, Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity, Access and Enforcement, and is registered with the U.S. Department of Commerce's Safe Harbor Program.

For European Union or Swiss residents, any questions or concerns regarding the use or disclosure of your information should be directed to Williams–Sonoma, Inc. Brands by calling us at 405.717.6139 or sending us an email. We will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. For complaints that cannot be resolved, we have agreed to participate in the dispute resolution procedures of the American Arbitration Association pursuant to the US–EU and US–Swiss Safe Harbor Privacy Principles.When you visit our web sites, we send one or more "cookies" to your computer or other device. We may also use cookies in emails that you receive from us. A "cookie" is a small data file that is placed on the hard drive of your computer when you visit a web site. A "session cookie" expires immediately when you end your session (i.e., close your browser). A "persistent cookie" stores information on the hard drive so when you end your session and return to the same web site at a later date the cookie information is still available. Generally, we use cookies to improve the quality of our service when you visit our web site and other web sites of interest to you. We also use cookies to remind us of who you are, tailor our products, services and advertising to suit the personal interests of you and others, estimate our audience size, assist our online merchants to track visits to and sales at our web sites and to process your order, track your status in our promotions, contests and sweepstakes, and/or analyze your visiting patterns.

Certain of our Service Providers may use cookies and collect information on our behalf. They are prohibited by our contract with them from sharing that information with anyone other than us or our other Service Providers. However, we respect your right to choose whether to be included in such services. You may opt out of certain of these services by clicking here. In addition, in connection with the services that they provide to us, certain of our Service Providers may work with third parties who may use cookies to collect anonymous information to tailor advertising for you and others elsewhere on the Internet. These third parties do not have access to any contact information about you. If you would like to opt out of accepting cookies altogether, you can generally set your browser to not accept cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. However, certain features of our web sites or other services may not work if you delete or disable cookies.

We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect the confidentiality and security of information transmitted to us. To guard your information delivered to us electronically, our web sites use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). SSL encrypts your credit card number, name and address so only we are able to decode your information. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your contact information, to the extent permitted by law, we do not guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to or from our web sites, and you do so at your own risk.

We urge you to keep any password that you establish with us in a safe place and not to divulge it to anyone. Also remember to log off your account and close your browser window when you have finished your visit. This is to ensure that others cannot access your account, especially if you are sharing a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place.Williams–Sonoma, Inc. Brands take special care to protect the safety and privacy of children. Our web sites are general audience sites. We do not permit anyone under the age of 13 to register with us. We also do not send email correspondence to anyone who tells us that they are under the age of 13.

Children under the age of 13 should always ask their parents or guardians for permission before providing any contact information to anyone online. We urge parents and guardians to participate in their children's online activities and use parental control or other web filtering technology to supervise children's access to the Internet.

Our web sites may contain links to web sites operated and maintained by third parties, over which we have no control. Privacy policies on such linked web sites may be different from our privacy policy. You access such linked web sites at your own risk. You should always read the privacy policy of a linked web site before disclosing any of your information on such web site.If we decide to change our privacy policy in whole or in part, we will inform you by posting a notice on our web sites, as applicable. Those changes will go into effect on the effective date posted in the notice and at the end of the revised Privacy Policy. The new policy will apply to all current and past users of our web sites and will replace any prior policies that are inconsistent. Your continued use of our web sites or other services constitutes your acceptance of the practices described in the revised Privacy Policy.To help us improve our privacy policy and practice, please give us your feedback. In the U.S., you can call us at 800.541.1262 or send us an email. Outside of the U.S., you can call us at 405.717.6139 or send us an email.PRIVACY & SECURITY

This privacy policy explains what personal information is collected through this Web site, how that information is used, to whom it's disclosed, and how it's safeguarded. Unless indicated otherwise, this policy applies only to personal information collected through the Web site, microsites, or mobile sites of our brands and lines of business that expressly adopt, and display or link to, this policy. These brands and lines of business include Victoria's Secret, Victoria's Secret Pink, and Pink Nation. By "personal information" we mean your identifying information (like name, home address, and email address), and descriptive information (like tastes and preferences) if coupled with your identifying information ("personally identifying information"). We may refer to all our brands and lines of business (i.e., Victoria's Secret, Victoria's Secret Pink (or "Pink"), and Pink Nation (by Pink)) as "we," "us," or "our" throughout this privacy policy.

This privacy policy answers these questions:
What personal information is collected at our Web site, and how is it used?
How is technology used to serve our advertisements on other Web sites and what choices do you have?
How does this Web site interact with third-party Web sites and content?
What information do we share with third parties and our sister brands (or what information may they access because of the services they provide to us)?
What choices do you have over how your information is used?
How do you update your personal information?
How do we secure your information on our site?
Where is personal information stored and processed?
Whom should you contact with questions or concerns?
When was this policy last updated?1.  Information You Directly Provide through this Site
We collect personal information directly from you to do all the things typically associated with Web sites. Examples of the information we collect include name, address, phone number, email address, personal preferences, credit card number, purchase and ordering information, demographical information, responses to survey questions and sizing information.

This information is collected at various places: for instance, when you check out with your online order; subscribe to catalogs, email offers, and Pink mobile messaging offers; participate in surveys;join Victoria's Secret Pink Nation; enter contests or sweepstakes; or interact with special-event or program offers.

We may also collect information that you provide about people you know. For example, we collect your gift recipient's contact information to process your gift orders. We use personally identifying information to do things like:

process your online orders;
open an online account at your request;
personalize your online experience with content and offers that are tailored to your interests;
provide customer service, whether it's responding to a request or following up on an order;
include you in surveys and contests;
enable you to post your content, such as comments or images;
facilitate networks of online social activity centered around our products and services;
improve our website, improve the manner in which offers are made on our website, improve purchase decisions of our visitors and the interactions visitors have with our website;
enable you to interact with third-party content service providers, whether by linking to their sites, viewing their content within our Web environment, or by viewing our content within their Web environment; and
market products and services for each of our brands--for instance, by adding you to the Victoria's Secret and Victoria's Secret Pink email list or Victoria's Secret print-catalog list when you make an online purchase; or by adding you to the Pink Nation email list if you sign up for Pink Nation.
2.  Information We Observe or Collect through Technology
a.  Navigational Information
When you visit this Web site, we collect navigational information, such as browser type and version, service-provider identification, IP address, the site from which you came, and the site to which you navigate. Navigational information is largely anonymous in the sense that it doesn't contain your name, address, phone number, email address or other information that directly identifies you. However, we may associate this navigational information with your personal information if you provide it.

b.  Cookies and Clear gifs
To better understand what you do while on our site, we use a browser feature known as a cookie. A cookie is a small data file that's stored by your Web browser on your computer. It's used to do things like see how you navigate our Web site, what you click on, and remember you and your online purchases when you return. This helps us improve our site, provide better customer service, personalize your online experience, and personalize offers to you based on your unique tastes and both your online and offline (e.g., in-store) interactions and purchase history.

We also use clear-gifs (also known as a Web beacon or Web bug) on our Web site and in our emails. A clear gif is a nearly invisible pixel-sized graphic image on a Web page, Web-based document or e-mail message. It helps us do things like view the URL of the page on which the clear gif appears and the time our Web site or email in question is viewed. Clear gifs in e-mails help us confirm the receipt of, and response to, our emails, including those that you forward to friends and family; and they help deliver a more personalized online experience. These technologies may be used to help us see which of our interactive experiences online users like mostfor example, by keeping track of the number of times a video, widget or other media is accessed or embedded on social networking sites; and on which social networking sites it is embedded, based on inquiries that are sent to our Web site. Cookies and clear gifs also allow us to associate your online navigational information, or purchases and interactions (both online and offline), with any personal information you provide (such as name, address, phone number, survey responses, and email address). We'll associate this information to deliver products and services to you; to improve our business; to transact business; and to market our products and services on this and other Web sites and through a variety of media like email, mobile advertising, and direct mail. As an example, we may use cookies to keep track of what you put into your shopping bag. That can help us contact you if your online session is disrupted in mid-purchase, resulting in an abandoned cart. We can also use this technology to determine whether you'd be interested in participating in special events, given your preferences. The end result is a more personalized experience that's tailored to your needs and tastes.

3.  Information Others Observe or Collect through Technology
Third-party service providers help us provide certain features on our site and analyze our visitor's site and purchase preferences. They may also help us deliver ads to you about our products through banner ads when you visit other web sites (often referred to as "online network advertising"). The following provides more information about these service providers and the choices you have with respect to their services.

a.  Features
We use third-party services to provide certain features on our Web site. These third parties use some or all of the technologies described in Information We Observe or Collect Through Technology to provide these features.

b.  Analysis
We contract with analytics companies to better understand your use of our Web sites, and Web capabilities like embeddable widgets. These third parties may serve surveys to determine satisfaction with the Web site and then tie the responses to actual behavior on the Web site, which will allow us to improve our Web sites and Web capabilities. They accomplish this by using some or all of the technologies described in Information We Observe or Collect Through Technology.

We contract with third-party advertising companies to deliver tailored online display and banner advertising to you on other Web sites. To serve this advertising, these third-party companies place, use, or rely on technology, such as cookies and clear gifs, as customers interact with us through our Web sites and interact with other Web sites. Once this information is gathered, it helps us select tailored ads for placement on these other Web sites, based on a customers combined online and offline (e.g., in-store) shopping history and experience with us.

For information about opt out programs that these third party advertising companies participate in, and the effect of opting out, click the following: [NAI Opt Out click here] and [DAA Opt Outclick here] (you'll then leave this site for centrally managed online sites where you may specify your preferences under those programs). You can also click the preference icon that may appear on some of our advertising served through use of these technologies. You should also note that our systems may not recognize Do Not Track headers from some or all browsers.

We may enable you to navigate to third-party sites and services, or otherwise display third-party content. We do this for your convenience. We don't endorse or generally have any affiliation with these third parties. And we don't control and aren't responsible for their Web practices. It is possible that the third party providing content through our Web site may collect or observe information through its use of technology.Whether the third-party content appears within our Web environment (like a map frame), or you leave our Web site for another site to view it, those service provider's terms, conditions, and privacy policies govern your online experience (unless there's a conspicuously posted statement by us that says otherwise). Please view their terms of service and privacy policies if you have any question about their practices.

Here's a partial list of the sites or content of these third parties:

1.  Interactive Maps
We may facilitate easy access to the online maps of content providers like Google, Microsoft, and Yahoo! There you can get quick location, driving, and contact information for our stores.

2.  Inline Framing
We may provide content on our Web site that exists on other Web sites, such as live or recorded video, through a frame surrounded by content from our Web site (this framed content is referred to as an iFrame). The iFrame is used to facilitate easy access to the content from the other Web site.

3.  Sweepstakes, Contests, and Survey Sites
We may rely on the expertise of third-party service providers to run sweepstakes, contests, and surveys. Navigation to these sites may be seamless so that it appears you're still in our Web site environment. In these cases, the third-party's privacy policy may apply to any personal information you provide in connection with the event. So please take note of who's running the event in question; and the terms, conditions, and policies that apply.

4.  Social Networking or Other User-Generated-Content Sites, and Other Websites
We may at times facilitate easy access to third-party sites, like social networking sites and other sites that host user-generated content. This may include easy click-through access or even "single sign-on" to these sites. The third-party's privacy policy applies to any personal information you provide at these sites.

5.  The Angel Credit Card Site
We enable you to navigate easily to the site of World Financial Network Bank (WFNNB), where you can apply for the Angel card and pay invoices online. WFNNB issues and owns the Angel credit card accounts. When you apply online for an Angel credit card or pay your account online, you leave our site and interact directly with WFNNB. Any information you provide to WFNNB is subject to WFNNB's terms, conditions, and policies, including its privacy policy.

6.  Third-Party Rewards or Membership Programs
We may interact with certain unrelated companies that offer their customers memberships to participate in programs, which may include rewards for purchases from us. If you become a member of one of these programs or purchase something from us at this Web site through such a program, we may provide the company administering the membership program enough information about you or your purchase (like contact information, transaction date, transaction amount, and order number), to enable it to honor your membership. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of the companies sponsoring these membership programs. Their terms, conditions, and policies apply to any information that's provided to them to further their programs.

1.  Our Sister Brands
We may also share the information described in this policy, like postal and email address, customer preferences, and purchase history within our corporate family so that our affiliates may market to you. Our affiliates include such brands as Bath & Body Works, Beauty Avenues, Inc., C.O. Bigelow, Henri Bendel, White Barn, the La Senza family of brands, Mast Global, and Slatkin & Co..

2.  Contractors
We use third-party "back-office" contractors to help handle parts of our business because of their expertise, resources, or scale. They help us do things like fulfill orders, process payments, provide some customer service through chat features, monitor site activity, serve surveys and provide analysis from the surveys when combined with website use, maintain databases, administer and monitor emails,(e.g., from Victoria's Secret or Pink Nation), administer and send mobile messages (e.g., from Pink), serve ads on this and other Web sites as described above and provide consulting services. Contractors may also assist us in hosting microsites and mobile Web sites where you may provide personal information about you and others you know; and where they may observe information about you in the same way as described above (see What Personal Information Is Collected At Our Web Site, and How Is It Used?)

3.  Other Marketers
We may share your name, postal address, and summary purchase information with other merchants and merchant exchanges. Other merchants may, in turn, use this information to send you offers on their products and services. If you don't want this information shared with these merchants and exchanges, please click here .

4.  Law Enforcement and Emergency Response
We may disclose specific information about our Web-site visitors if we have a good-faith belief that it's necessary or authorized under the law to protect our customers, the public, or our business.

5.  Sale or Merger
In the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business assets, including a brand or line of business, consumer information may be one of the business assets that are transferred in connection with the transaction.

Nothing in this policy restricts our ability to share aggregated or anonymized information that does not directly identify you.

1.  Email
If you make an online purchase you may receive Victoria's Secret or Victoria's Secret Pink email. You may stop future delivery of these emails by following the removal instructions located at the bottom of each commercial email or by completing the removal from e-mail form. If you have joined Pink Nation, you may receive Pink Nation email. If at any time you'd like to stop future delivery of Pink Nation email offers, simply follow the removal instructions located at the bottom of each Pink Nation message. Opting out of any of these emails will not stop operational or transactional messages such as email confirmations of your online orders, or customer service communications from the brand or line of business in question. We may occasionally provide you with the opportunity to opt in to receive email messages from third parties. If you do opt in, we'll share your e-mail address with the specific third party in question. Please review their privacy policies to see how they treat your personal information.

2.  Mobile Messaging
If you've signed up for mobile text messaging offers (e.g., from Pink) but later decide you no longer wish to receive offers from one or both of these brands or lines of business, simply follow the opt-out instructions included in the mobile message.

3.  Postal Mail: Catalogs
If you'd like to specify your preferences for our catalogues (including or postal-mail offers), simply follow the instructions on each such catalogue, or dial 1-800-411-5116. To reduce postal mail click here .

4.  Victoria's Secret Pink Nation
Please keep in mind that Pink Nation is a separate and stand-alone program, which you may join by visiting the Pink Nation Web site. Accordingly, your unsubscribe preferences for Victoria's Secret and Victoria's Secret Pink won't affect your Pink Nation preferences (and vice versa). Please specify those preferences separately.

5.  Cookies, Clear Gifs, and Online Network Advertising
You may always choose to block cookies or even clear cookies from your computer. Simply follow your browser's instructions on how to block and clear cookies. Note that blocking cookies may not block the "first-party" cookies that are placed on your computer when you visit this site. By first-party cookies, we mean those cookies (whether placed by us or a contractor) that help us see how visitors use our site, and enable us to deliver our ads on our Web sites and other Web sites. Otherwise, clearing cookies after each visit here will prevent observations from multiple sessions being aggregated over time. Please consider the consequences of blocking or clearing cookies. Many Web sites rely on their cookies to provide you with services or features that you have requested or expect. With respect to cookies used as part of a survey, if you do not want the use of cookies to associate survey responses with your behavior on the site, you can elect to not take the survey.

If you want to opt out of the display of our online advertising, which appears on other Web sites, and which is based on the association of your online information with your offline information through interactions with us (purchase information, in particular), then please click the preference icon that may appear on such advertising. Additionally, if you want more information about online network advertising, in general, including access to some online network advertisers that allow you to designate your preferences, click here (you'll then leave this site for a centrally managed online site where you may specify your preferences).

6.  Other Marketers
If you don't want your basic contact and purchase information shared with other marketers (other than our affiliates and our contractor/service providers), please click here.

7.  Our Affiliates
If you don't want your contact and purchase information shared between our affiliates (such as Bath & Body Works), please call 1-800-411-5116 and request not to have your information shared.

We prefer to keep your personal information accurate and up-to-date. You may update or modify your billing- and shipping-related information, and other account information, by logging onto our sites (e.g., Your Account on Victoria's Secret and Victoria's Secret Pink, or Edit Profile on your Pink Nation account). You may also update or modify your catalog mailing information by clicking here.

This Web site has the following types of security measures: limited access data-centers, firewall technology, and secure-socket-layer (SSL) certificate authentication. SSL is encryption technology that provides security for information that's transmitted over the Internet. This site accepts orders only from Web browsers that permit communication through SSL technology-for example, Internet Explorer (version 6.0 or higher), Firefox (version 3.0 or higher), Safari (version 4 or higher), Chrome (version 2 or higher), and AOL (version 9 or higher).

While we implement the above security measures on this site, you should be aware that 100% security is not always possible.

We may store and process personal information in the United States and other countries.

Our parent company (L Brands) has become a participant in the Safe Harbor program (developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Union) specifically for our Victorias Secret and Victorias Secret Pink stores inand email sign-up Website forthe United Kingdom. (They are governed by separate privacy policies, which may be accessed in those stores and on that Web site.) L Brands has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of Notice, Choice, Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity, Access and Enforcement with respect to personal data transferred from the European Union (EU) to the U.S. For more information about the Safe Harbor program and to view L Brands' certification, please visit the U.S. Department of Commerce's Safe Harbor Web site. If you wish to make an EU-related inquiry about privacy or data transfer, please contact our Associate Vice President (AVP) of Legal and Compliance Services

1.  General inquiries
If you have general questions about our Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us.

2.  Specific Questions about this Policy
For specific questions, concerns, or complaints contact our Associate Vice President (AVP) of Legal and Compliance Services, who administers this policy. You may contact this person by letter or email at:

AVP, Privacy
Legal & Compliance Services
L Brands, Inc.
3 Limited Parkway
Columbus, OH 43230
US
generalcounsel@limitedbrands.com (ATTN: Privacy Matter)

3.  Safe Harbor Program
Additionally, if you are an EU resident, and your matter is not resolved to your satisfaction through direct contact with our AVP, Privacy, you may contact the Direct Marketing Association (DMA). We utilize the DMA Safe Harbor Program as an independent dispute resolution mechanism to address any complaint EU residents may have regarding data privacy matters. You may contact the DMA by letter or email at:

Safe Harbor Line
Direct Marketing Association
1615 L St., NW  Suite 1100
Washington, DC 20036
US
safeharbor@the-dma.org

Please click here to view any material and substantive changes made since the last revision of this privacy policy. If you're concerned about how your personal information is used, please visit our site often for this and other important announcements about VictoriasSecret.com.

This Privacy Statement is effective December 17, 2013Your Privacy Rights

This Privacy Policy describes your privacy rights regarding our collection, use, storage, sharing and protection of your personal information. It applies to the PayPal.com website and all related sites, applications, services and tools regardless of how you access or use them. More detailed information about our privacy practices and our contact information for any questions is available at the eBay Privacy Center.

You accept this Privacy Policy when you sign up for, access, or use our products, services, content, features, technologies or functions offered on our website and all related sites, applications, and services (collectively "PayPal Services"). We may amend this policy at any time by posting a revised version on our website. The revised version will be effective at the time we post it. In addition, if the revised version includes a substantial change, we will provide you with 30 days' prior notice by posting notice of the change on the "Policy Updates" page of our website.



TRUSTe online privacy certification

The PayPal website is a licensee of the TRUSTe Web Privacy Program. If this policy or our customer support team cannot answer your privacy-related questions, please use the TRUSTe Watchdog Dispute Resolution Process.



Jump to section:

Binding Corporate Rules
How we collect information about you
How we use cookies
How we protect and store personal information
How we use the personal information we collect
Marketing
How we share personal information with other PayPal users
How we share personal information with other parties
Using PayPal Access
How you can restrict PayPal from sharing your personal information
How you can access or change your personal information
How you can contact us about privacy questionsIn addition to the privacy practices set out in this Privacy Policy, eBay Inc. has established a set of Corporate Rules (also referred to as Binding Corporate Rules), approved by a number of European Union privacy regulators. These Corporate Rules are a commitment by eBay Inc. to protect your personal information regardless of where the data resides.  Depending upon where you live, the Binding Corporate Rules may provide additional privacy rights through your local privacy regulator or government. For more information about our Binding Corporate Rules, including information on how to contact us with any questions, visit our eBay Privacy Center.
When you visit the PayPal.com website or use PayPal Services, we collect information sent to us by your computer, mobile phone or other access device. The information sent to us includes data on the pages you access, your computer IP address, device identifiers, the type of operating system you're using, your location, mobile network information, standard web log data and other information. Web log data includes the browser type you're using and traffic to and from our site. When you visit the PayPal.com website or use PayPal Services, we also collect information about your transactions and your activities.

In addition, if you open a PayPal account or use PayPal Services, we may collect the following types of information:

Contact information, such as your name, address, phone, email and other similar information.
Financial information, such as the full bank account numbers and/or credit card numbers that you link to your PayPal account or give us when you use PayPal Services.
Detailed personal information such as your date of birth or social security number.
We may also obtain information about you from third parties such as credit bureaus and identity verification services.

You may choose to provide us with access to certain personal information stored by third parties such as social media sites (e.g., Facebook and Twitter). The information we may receive varies by site and is controlled by that site. By associating an account managed by a third party with your PayPal account and authorizing PayPal to have access to this information, you agree that PayPal may collect, store and use this information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

In order to help protect you from fraud and misuse of your personal information, we may collect information about your use and interaction with our website or PayPal Services. For example, we may evaluate your computer, mobile phone or other access device to identify any malicious software or activity.

We may also collect additional information from or about you in other ways, such as through contact with our customer support team, results when you respond to a survey and from interactions with members of the eBay Inc. corporate family or other companies.

When you access our website or use PayPal Services, we (including companies we work with) may place small data files on your computer or other device. These data files may be cookies, pixel tags, "Flash cookies" or other local storage provided by your browser or associated applications ("Cookies"). We use these technologies to: recognize you as a customer; customize PayPal Services, content, and advertising; measure promotional effectiveness; help ensure that your account security is not compromised; mitigate risk and prevent fraud; and to promote trust and safety across our sites and PayPal Services.

We use both session and persistent Cookies. Session Cookies expire and no longer have any effect when you log out of your account or close your browser. Persistent Cookies remain on your device until you erase them or they expire.
We encode our Cookies so that we can interpret the information stored in them. You are free to decline our Cookies if your browser or browser add-on permits, but doing so may interfere with your use of our website and PayPal Services. Refer to the help section of your browser, browser extensions, or installed applications for instructions on blocking, deleting, or disabling Cookies.

You may encounter PayPal Cookies on websites that we do not control. For example, if you view a web page created by a third party or use an application developed by a third party, there may be a Cookie placed by the web page or application. Likewise, these third parties may place their own Cookies that are not subject to our control and the PayPal Privacy Policy does not cover their use.

Throughout this policy, we use the term "personal information" to describe information that can be associated with a specific person and can be used to identify that person. We do not consider personal information to include information that has been made anonymous so that it does not identify a specific user.

We store and process your personal information on our computers in the US and elsewhere in the world where our facilities are located. We protect your information using physical, technical, and administrative security measures to reduce the risks of loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure and alteration. Some of the safeguards we use are firewalls and data encryption, physical access controls to our data centers, and information access authorization controls.

Our primary purpose in collecting personal information is to provide you with a secure, smooth, efficient, and customized experience. We may use your personal information to:

provide PayPal Services and customer support;
process transactions and send notices about your transactions;
resolve disputes, collect fees, and troubleshoot problems;
prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities, and enforce our User Agreement;
customize, measure, and improve PayPal Services and the content, layout, and operation of our websites and applications;
deliver targeted marketing, service update notices, and promotional offers based on your communication preferences;
contact you at any telephone number, by placing a voice call or through text (SMS) or email messaging, as authorized by our User Agreement.
compare information for accuracy and verify it with third parties
We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent. We may combine your information with information we collect from other companies and use it to improve and personalize PayPal Services, content, and advertising. If you do not wish to receive marketing communications from us or participate in our ad-customization programs, simply indicate your preference by logging into your account and going to the Notification section under the Settings tab and updating your preferences, or by following the directions that may be provided within the communication or advertisement.

We respect your communication preferences. If you no longer wish to receive notifications via our application, you can adjust your preferences by visiting the settings page of the application.

We may call or text message (SMS) you at a mobile phone number that you have provided to us. You can indicate your contact preferences by logging into your account and adjusting your preferences in your Account Information Settings or by following the directions provided within the communication.

To process your payments, we may share some of your personal information with the person or company that you are paying or that is paying you. Your contact information, date of sign-up, the number of payments you have received from verified PayPal users, and whether you have verified control of a bank account are provided to other PayPal users with whom who you transact through PayPal. In addition, this and other information may also be shared with third parties when you use these third parties to access PayPal Services. Unless you have agreed to it, these third parties are not allowed to use this information for any purpose other than to enable PayPal Services.

If someone is sending you money and enters your email address, we will provide them your registered name so they can verify they are sending the money to the correct account.

If you are buying goods or services and pay through PayPal, we may also provide the seller with your shipping and billing address to help complete your transaction. The seller is not allowed to use this information to market their services to you unless you have agreed to it. If an attempt to pay your seller fails, or is later invalidated, we may also provide your seller with details of the unsuccessful payment. To facilitate dispute resolution, we may provide a buyer with the seller's address so that goods can be returned to the seller.

We work with third parties, including merchants, to enable them to accept or send payments from or to you using PayPal. In doing so, a third party may share information about you with us, such as your email address or mobile phone number, to inform you that a payment has been sent to you or when you attempt to pay a merchant or third party. We use this information to confirm that you are a PayPal customer and that PayPal as a form of payment can be enabled, or to send you notification of payment status. Also, if you request that we validate your status as a PayPal customer with a third party, we will do so.

Please note that merchants, sellers, and users you buy from or contract with have their own privacy policies, and although PayPal's user agreement does not allow the other transacting party to use this information for anything other than providing PayPal Services, PayPal is not responsible for their actions, including their information protection practices.

Regardless, we will not disclose your credit card number or bank account number to anyone you have paid or who has paid you using PayPal, or with the third parties that offer or use PayPal Services, except with your express permission or if we are required to do so to comply with credit card rules, a subpoena, or other legal process.

We may share your personal information with:

Members of the eBay Inc. corporate family -- like eBay, StubHub or Bill Me Later, Inc.-- to provide joint content, products and services (like registration, transactions and customer support), to help detect and prevent potentially illegal acts and violations of our policies, and to guide decisions about their products, services and communications. Members of our corporate family will use this information to send you marketing communications only if you have requested their services.
Service providers under contract who help with our business operations such as fraud prevention, bill collection, marketing and technology services. Our contracts dictate that these service providers only use your information in connection with the services they perform for us and not for their own benefit.
Financial institutions that we partner with to jointly create and offer a product such as the PayPal Extras credit card where we share information with GE Capital to determine whether you should receive pre-approved offers for the PayPal Extras credit card. These financial institutions may only use this information to market PayPal-related products, unless you have given consent for other uses.
Credit bureaus and collection agencies to report account information, as permitted by law.
Banking partners as required by credit card association rules for inclusion on their list of terminated merchants (in the event that you meet their criteria which includes having PayPal close your PayPal Account due to your breach of the PayPal User Agreement).
Companies that we plan to merge with or be acquired by. (Should such a combination occur, we will require that the new combined entity follow this privacy policy with respect to your personal information. If your personal information could be used contrary to this policy, you will receive prior notice.)
Law enforcement, government officials, or other third parties pursuant to a subpoena, court order, or other legal process or requirement applicable to PayPal or one of its affiliates; when we need to do so to comply with law or credit card rules; or when we believe, in our sole discretion, that the disclosure of personal information is necessary to prevent physical harm or financial loss, to report suspected illegal activity or to investigate violations of our User Agreement.
Other third parties with your consent or direction to do so.
PayPal will not sell or rent any of your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes and only shares your personal information with third parties as described in this policy.

If you open a PayPal account directly on a third party website or via a third party application, any information that you enter on that website or application (and not directly on a PayPal website) will be shared with the owner of the third party website or application. These sites are governed by their own privacy policies and you are encouraged to review their privacy policies before providing them with personal information. PayPal is not responsible for the content or information practices of such third parties.

PayPal Access is a tool we've developed to improve your Internet experience.  PayPal Access allows you to streamline and simplify the account creation and login process when using third-party websites, and it allows these websites to enhance your experience on their sites.  Instead of creating multiple usernames and passwords for each website you visit, PayPal Access allows you to sign in to a participating website using your existing PayPal login information. When you use PayPal Access, you agree that PayPal can share the information listed on the PayPal Access consent screen or in your PayPal Access account settings with the participating website.  Information you allow PayPal to share with these third-party websites is subject to each third-party's terms of service and privacy agreement, so you are encouraged to review their policies.

PayPal maintains your preferences for use and sharing of information, including how we contact you. Some federal and state laws allow you to restrict the sharing of your personal information in certain instances. PayPal does not share your personal information with third parties for their marketing purposes unless you have given your explicit consent. PayPal's related family of companies, which are owned by eBay Inc., will only use your personal information for marketing purposes if you have requested services from those companies. If you do not want PayPal to share your personal information with eBay companies for the purpose of marketing their products within our corporate family, simply indicate your preference by logging into your account, going to the Notification section under the Settings tab and updating your preferences.

You can review and edit your personal information at any time by logging in to your account and reviewing your account settings and profile. You can also close your account through the PayPal website. If you close your PayPal account, we will mark your account in our database as "Closed," but may retain personal information from your account to collect any fees owed, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, prevent fraud, enforce our User Agreement, or take other actions as required or permitted by law.

If you have questions or concerns regarding this policy, you should contact us by using this form or writing to us at PayPal, Attn: Privacy Department, P.O. Box 45950, Omaha, NE 68145-0950. PayPal maintains offices at 2211 N. First Street, San Jose, CA.

PayPal has been awarded TRUSTe's Privacy Seal signifying that this Privacy Policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe's program requirements including transparency, accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information. If after contacting PayPal our response to your privacy concern is unsatisfactory, then you may contact TRUSTe by completing the form located at http://watchdog.truste.com/pvr.php?page=complaint.

Please note that TRUSTe is a privacy solutions provider, and will not be able to assist with other types of issues with your account, such as balances or order fulfillment. In addition, the TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through this website, www.paypal.com and does not cover information that may be collected through our mobile applications or downloadable software.Privacy Policy
Reviewcentre.com Privacy PolicyResource Team Ltd (''we'', ''our'' or ''us'') is committed to protecting the privacy of our members. The Privacy Policy is intended to inform You how we gather, define, and utilise Your information which may include Your:
name;
gender;
age;
address or postcode;
telephone number;
mobile number;
email address
(together, the ''Information'').

It is also intended to assist You in making informed decisions when using our Website and our products and services. Please take a minute to read and understand the policy.

All Your Information shall be held and used in accordance with the Data Protection Act1998 (the ''Act'') where applicable. If You want to know what Information we collect and hold about You, please write to us at: Goodwin House, 5 Union Court, Richmond, Surrey TW9 1AA.

Resource Team Ltd is the data controller of Your Information for the purposes of the Act.When You visit our Website You may provide us with the following types of information:
Information, as listed above, that You provide to us on an individual basis during Registration or when posting user reviews or comments in the Forum section of the Website. In addition, if You choose to correspond with us by email, we may retain the content of Your email messages together with Your email address and our responses; and
usage information collected as You and others browse our Website;
your preferences and areas of interest as advised by You on registration and;
information provided by You to us in surveys that we use for research purposes (although You do not have to respond to them).
We maintain the highest standards of security, however the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Any transmission is at Your own risk. Once we have received Your Information, we will use strict procedures and security features to prevent unauthorised access.

We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers. This is statistical data about browsing actions and patterns and does not identify any individual.Similar to other commercial websites, our Website uses a standard technology called ''cookies'' and web server logs to collect information about how our Website is being used.

Cookies, in conjunction with our web server's log files, allow us to calculate the collective number of people visiting our Website and work out which areas of the Website are most popular. This helps us to constantly improve our Website and better serve you, our users.
By continuing to use and browse our website you consent to cookies being used in accordance with our policy. Find out more about our Cookies Policy.
We use ''session'' cookies which enable You to carry information across pages of the Website and avoid having to re-enter information. Session cookies enable us to compile statistics that help us to understand how the Website is being used and to improve its structure. We also use ''persistent'' cookies which remain in the cookies file of Your browser for longer and help us to recognise You as a unique visitor to the Website, tailoring the content of certain areas of the Website to offer You content that matches Your preferred interests.
You can refuse to accept cookies by changing the settings on Your browser which allows You to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if You select this setting You may be unable to access certain parts of the Website. Unless you have adjusted Your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when You login to the Website.We use Your Information in the following ways:
to ensure that content from our Website is presented in the most effective manner for You and Your computer;
to notify You about any changes to our service;
to contact You in accordance with Your authorisation as expressed via ‘opt-ins' at the point of Registration.
Except as set out below and as expressly authorised by You via ''opt-ins'' we do not generally disclose information about identifiable individuals to our advertisers, but we may provide them with aggregate information about our users (for example we may inform them that 500 men in the London area have clicked on their advertisement on any given day). We may also use such aggregate information to help advertisers reach the kind of audience they want to target (for example Women in SW1).

Third-party companies may collect and use information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please visit http://networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.

We may disclose Your Information to any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 736 of the Companies Act 1985.

We may pass Your Information to other third party organisations:
if we buy or sell any business or assets in which case we may disclose Your Information to the seller or buyer of such business or assets;
if we are under a duty to disclose or share Your Information to comply with any legal obligation or in order to enforce or apply our terms and conditions and other agreements or protect the rights, property, or safety of our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction; and
in accordance with Your authorisation as expressed via ''opt-ins'' at the point of Registration.
You have the right to ask us not to process Your Information for marketing purposes. You can exercise Your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect Your Information. You can also exercise the right at any-time by contacting us using the ''contact us'' function of the website or by writing to us at the address at the beginning of this Privacy Policy.

Please note that by posting any Information in any publicly accessible area of the Website such as the Forums, such Information may be viewed and collected by third parties over which we have no control. We are not responsible for the use of Information by such third parties. Please therefore exercise all due care and consideration before disclosing any Information that will be accessible on public areas. We strongly recommend Registered Users keep postings anonymous and avoid disclosing Information that may be used to identify You.You may request access to all Your Information that we collect online and maintain in our database by contacting us using the ''contact us'' function on the site. Any access request maybe subject to a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing You with details of the information we hold about You.By using our Website You consent to our collection and use of Your Information as described in this Privacy Policy. If we change our privacy policies and procedures, we will post those changes on our Website to keep You aware of what Information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we may disclose it.The Information we collect from You is not transferred to and stored at a destination outside the European Economic Area. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your Information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Website, nor the information or content contained therein. Often links to other websites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to the users of our Website.

Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Website to another website, this privacy policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which are linked to ours is subject to that website's own rules and policies.

Privacy Policy
The American Academy of Family Physicians (AAFP) is committed to protecting the privacy of its members and customers. The AAFP maintains safeguards to store and secure information about its members and customers. The safeguards may be physical, electronic, or procedural. This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes: (i) how the AAFP collects information from its websites and through your other voluntary interactions with the AAFP (e.g., subscription to an AAFP publication, communication with the AAFP Contact Center, purchase of an AAFP product, application for AAFP membership, registration to an AAFP event, participation in a member survey); and (ii) how the AAFP uses this information. With respect to websites, please note that this Policy applies only to the AAFP's websites and not to the websites of unrelated third-party companies or organizations to which the AAFP provides links, or to any software that may be downloaded from the AAFP's websites.

By visiting the AAFP's websites (i.e., www.aafp.org, familydoctor.org, www.graham-center.org), becoming a member or customer, or otherwise voluntarily submitting information to the AAFP, you agree to this Policy. The AAFP reserves the right to make changes to this Policy at any time; in such case, the AAFP will post a notice that this Policy has been modified by revising the “Last updated” date at the bottom of this page.The AAFP collects two types of information: (1) non-personally identifiable information for everyone who visits its websites; and (2) personally identifiable information for members, registered website users, and anyone who purchases or requests products, services, or information.
Non-personally identifiable information

The AAFP employs cookies to collect information about all visitors to AAFP websites, including pages viewed and the order visited, terms used in searching AAFP websites, and products investigated or purchased. The AAFP uses cookies to offer greater functionality, and the information generated from these cookies is used to help determine which services are most important and to guide editorial and business decisions.

Users who do not desire the functionality offered by cookies may disable cookie functionality in their browsers or through settings on their mobile devices; however, users who do so may not be able to use some features of AAFP websites. For example, a registered user must have cookies enabled in order to access the registered-user sections of the AAFP websites.

For system administration and troubleshooting, the AAFP also logs the originating Internet Protocol (IP) address, the browser and operating system used, and information about your individual use, such as time and date of visits, duration of sessions, and other similar usage or system data.

The AAFP collects this non-personally identifiable information from users who are browsing the public areas of AAFP websites. Users of the public areas of AAFP websites browse anonymously; however, once a user registers and logs in as a member/customer, subsequent visits to public areas of AAFP websites are no longer anonymous. The AAFP does not review the use of publicly accessible areas of AAFP websites by individual users unless this information will assist in troubleshooting individual problems or in certain cases in conjunction with personally identifiable information (as set forth below under “How does the AAFP use information collected?”). The AAFP will also review this information if a user's account is associated with: (i) attempts to violate the security of AAFP computer networks; (ii) activity that degrades the performance of AAFP websites; or (iii) activity that might be related to copyright or other violations.
Personally identifiable information

In addition to the non-personally identifiable items listed above, the AAFP records the user's name and member/customer ID number for all registered users (i.e., users who have logged into a password-protected area of an AAFP website). In the course of using AAFP websites, a user may be asked to provide personally identifiable information (e.g., name, address, zip code, email address, telephone number, fax number, credit card payment information) in order to purchase a product, participate in an AAFP activity, subscribe to a journal, request information, or otherwise interact with the AAFP. In addition, users may be asked to update their contact information.

The AAFP also collects email addresses voluntarily provided via membership applications and renewals, website registrations, product purchases, member surveys, downloads of certain materials, email communication sign-ups, and comments made in discussion threads on AAFP websites.

Important note for AAFP members: The AAFP also maintains a membership database. The information in this database (e.g., National Provider Identifier [NPI] numbers; demographic information, such as education and specialty) is drawn from membership applications, dues payment forms, subscriptions, product orders, continuing medical education (CME) reporting, public databases, member surveys, and other correspondence between the AAFP and its members or chapters.

Credit card information: The AAFP does not disclose the credit card account information or activity of its customers. When members and customers pay using their credit cards, the AAFP submits this information encrypted to obtain payment from the appropriate clearing house. If credit card numbers are stored in AAFP databases, they are encrypted.The AAFP uses the information it collects to better serve members, customers, and visitors to the AAFP websites in the following ways:
AAFP services and products

The AAFP uses information collected to improve its web content, to respond to visitor needs and preferences, and to develop new products and services. For example, the AAFP will combine non-personally identifiable information (e.g., data stored in cookies, user's IP address) with personally identifiable information (e.g., user's name, member/customer ID, email address) to offer products and services that may be of specific interest to the user.
Disclosure to third parties

The AAFP makes member contact information available in its online membership directory only to other members of the AAFP who have verified their membership status before entering the online membership directory. The AAFP also shares membership, demographic, CME, and/or contact information with organizations such as the following: AAFP chapters; the AAFP Foundation; FamMedPAC; TransforMED, LLC; AAFP Insurance Services, Inc.; and the American Board of Family Medicine (ABFM).

The AAFP also may share CME activity participation records with medical licensing boards (which may include CME reporting agents and/or contractors of those boards). Such records may include, but not be limited to: the member's name and license number; the name and date of the CME activity; and the number of credits received for participation in the CME activity. In connection with the Physician Payments Sunshine Act, CME attendees' names, addresses, license numbers, states of licensure, and any transfers of value may be shared with the CME activities' funders.

The AAFP also may disclose limited personally identifiable information (e.g., name, address, email address, NPI number, purchase information) to outside service providers that help the AAFP offer products, services, and information. For example, the AAFP may work with outside service providers to: (i) distribute emails or make telephone solicitations; (ii) assist with direct marketing, customize journal advertisements, and collect data; (iii) help detect and prevent fraud; and (iv) otherwise assist the AAFP in enhancing its products, services, and other offerings, and serving its members and customers. The AAFP requires that these outside service providers agree to keep confidential all such information and to use it for the purposes designated by the AAFP.

Like many other organizations, the AAFP may use outside marketing companies to place and monitor advertisements or links on AAFP websites and on other websites. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., links clicked on during a visit, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked on or scrolled over) and personally identifiable information (e.g., NPI number) during your visits to AAFP websites and other websites in order to provide advertisements about products and services more likely to be of interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or a third-party web beacon to collect this information. The AAFP is not responsible for the collection or use of information by such marketing companies or third-party websites.

On occasion, the AAFP also may provide personally identifiable information (e.g., name, address, demographic information) to an outside service provider in order to rent mailing lists of the AAFP's members to third parties that offer their own CME, products, or services deemed of interest to the clinical or socioeconomic practice of medicine. These third parties only receive names and addresses; they do not receive phone numbers, fax numbers, demographic information, or email addresses.

Emails
Once someone voluntarily provides an email address, the AAFP assumes it has permission to email that person with questions, transaction follow-up, and advertisements, and to send bulk email messages. The AAFP collects data to track the effectiveness of emails, which enables the AAFP to better serve its audiences.

As noted earlier, there are instances in which the AAFP will share email addresses of its members and customers with outside service providers who are under an obligation of confidentiality; however, the AAFP does not sell the email addresses of its members and customers.
Disclosure required by law or emergency circumstances

The AAFP may release personal information to third parties in order to comply with legal requirements.The AAFP has agreements with other organizations that offer products and services through AAFP websites or affiliate agreements. When the user interacts with these organizations on the organizations' websites, whether as a result of following links from an AAFP website, within an AAFP email, or otherwise, different rules and privacy policies may apply. Since the AAFP does not control the collection of information or the use of information collected via these other organizations' websites, the AAFP is not responsible for their privacy practices, security, or content.
Opting out

While the AAFP hopes that the information in this Policy helps you understand how the AAFP uses and protects your information to provide you with better service, you may still choose not to receive information from the AAFP.
Email opt-out

All of the AAFP's marketing emails and some of its informational emails include a link for unsubscribing. Registered users on the AAFP's websites also can log in to the “My Account” section to change their email preferences. The AAFP will apply your unsubscribe request as quickly as possible. However, because there may be email campaigns already in progress, you may continue to receive emails from the AAFP for a few days. The AAFP requires up to 10 days to apply your unsubscribe request. After this time, you should no longer receive marketing or informational emails from the AAFP. You may still receive emails regarding your transactions (e.g., confirmation that you have placed an order)
Direct email opt-out

To discontinue receipt of the AAFP's catalogs and direct mail promotions, please call the AAFP Contact Center at (800) 274-2237. Your request will be processed as quickly as possible. However, due to mailing lead times, it is possible that you may receive a few more mailings from the AAFP. After six to eight weeks, you should no longer receive mailings from the AAFP.

For questions or concerns about this Policy, please contact privacy@aafp.org.

Last updated: December 13, 2013The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, Incorporated, including all of its Societies, Chapters, subsidiaries, affiliates, divisions and other organizational units (collectively, "IEEE" or "we"), respects your preferences concerning the treatment of personal information that we may collect from your use of the IEEE.org and other IEEE Web sites (collectively, the “Web sites”) and your interactions with IEEE offline. In accordance with IEEE Policies, Section 12.9 IEEE Privacy Policy Statement, this policy lets you know how we collect and use your personal information, and how you can control its use. It describes the broadest potential use of personal information throughout the Web sites and in offline interactions that is consistent with the terms of this policy. However, please note that we may make far less use of your personal information.


General. Except as noted below, this policy takes precedence over and supersedes any other policy concerning the treatment of personal information that we may collect from your use of the Web sites and your interactions with IEEE offline.

Exceptions. It may be necessary for some IEEE Web sites to treat your personal information differently from the ways addressed by this policy. Accordingly, in the event of any conflict between this policy and the privacy policy posted at the following IEEE Web sites, the policy posted at the following IEEE Web sites shall govern: IEEE Job Site.


Personal information. This policy covers the following personal information that IEEE collects through your use of the Web sites and in connection with offline interactions. Specifically, we may collect this information from offline and online registrations and forms, communications and interactions, and sales inquiries and transactions. IEEE also may use third-party sources, such as opt-in lists, as specified below.
Contact information, such as name, physical address, telephone number, e-mail address, and company/institution. The majority of the information collected under this category is business contact information.
Transactional information, including information about the products and services you request, purchase, access, or download.
User preferences, such as product requirements, areas of industry interest, and other information you select in your profile when registering for and using your IEEE Account, or as indicated by your use of the Web sites.
Financial/credit card and payment information.
Event and conference participation information.
Usage statistics relating to your use of IEEE products and services.
Electronic communications protocols and cookies. In addition to the information specified above, we may collect information about your use of the Web sites through electronic communications protocols and cookies. As is true when you visit most Web sites, IEEE may automatically receive information from you as part of the communication connection itself, which often consists of network routing information (where you came from), equipment information (browser type) and date and time. IEEE also uses cookies, embedded URLs, embedded pixels and other similar technologies to capture additional information.

IEEE cookies. IEEE's server will query your browser to see if there are "cookies" previously set by the Web sites. A cookie is a small piece of information sent by a Web server to store with a Web browser so that it can later be read back from that browser. Cookies on the Web sites may collect a unique identifier, user preferences, and profile information and membership information. IEEE also uses cookies to collect general usage and volume statistical information that does not include personally identifiable information. Some cookies may remain on a user's computer after the user leaves the Web site. While we do not offer an opt-out for cookies, browsers provide you with information and control over cookies. You can set your browser to alert you when a cookie is being used, and accept or reject the cookie. You can also set your browser to refuse all cookies or accept only cookies returned to the originating servers. Users can generally disable the cookie feature on their browser without affecting their ability to use the Web sites, except in some cases where cookies are used as an essential security feature necessary for completing transactions.
Find more information on how to set your browser to opt out of cookies
Third-party cookies and functions. IEEE may use third-party vendors to serve or track advertisements on Web sites. Among other things, these third parties may use cookies, pixel tags and other technologies to enable such third parties to record which ads your browser has loaded and which pages you may have been viewing when the ads were delivered or accessed. The information collected through these functions is subject to the privacy policies of those third parties.
Embedded URLs. IEEE may use a tracking technique that employs embedded URLs to allow use of the site without cookies. Embedded URLs allow limited information to follow you as you navigate the site, but is not associated with personal information and is not used beyond the session.
Embedded pixels. IEEE may use embedded pixel technologies on selected pages for the purposes of identifying unique user visits to the Web sites, as opposed to aggregate hits, and to identify the pages viewed. We may also use embedded pixel technologies to determine whether the recipient of an e-mail has opened a particular message. The information provided by these technologies may be re-associated with personal information by IEEE.


IEEE uses (and, where specified, shares) your personal information for the following purposes:
To engage in transactions. IEEE may use personal information such as name, physical address, telephone number, e-mail address. and company/institution to engage in transactions with you, including contacting you about your order, subscription or membership.
To process transactions. IEEE may use financial/credit card and payment information to process your order. IEEE may need to share some of this information with delivery services, credit card clearing houses, and other third parties to complete the transaction.
To provide support or other services. IEEE may use your personal information to provide you with support or other services that you have ordered or requested. In addition, IEEE may use your personal information to respond to your inquiries or requests for information.
To tailor marketing to your needs and respond to your requests. IEEE may use your personal information to provide you with notices of new product releases and service developments. IEEE also may use your personal information to respond directly to your requests for information, including registrations for newsletters or other specific requests, or pass your contact information to the appropriate IEEE distributor or reseller for further follow-up related to your interests.
To provide online forums and social networks. Some services available on the Web sites permit you to participate in interactive discussions, post comments, opportunities, or other content to a bulletin board or exchange, or otherwise engage in networking activities. Some of these services are moderated; all may be accessed for technical reasons. IEEE does not control the content that users post to these forums or social networks. You should carefully consider whether you wish to submit personal information to these forums or social networks and tailor any content you submit appropriately and in accordance with the relevant terms of use. You should also review any additional terms and conditions that may govern your use of these services, including terms related to sharing your personal information and receiving communications.

To administer product downloads. IEEE may contact you if you download products to confirm certain information about your order (for example, that you did not experience problems in the download process), discuss the downloaded products or provide marketing or sales information about related products and services. We also may use this information to confirm compliance with licensing and other terms of use and may share it with your company/institution.

To select content, improve quality and facilitate use of the Web sites. IEEE may use your personal information, including the information gathered as a result of site navigation and electronic protocols and cookies (including third-party cookies), to help create and personalize Web site content, facilitate your use of the Web sites (for example, to facilitate navigation and the login process, avoid duplicate data entry, enhance security, keep track of shopping cart additions and preserve order information between sessions), improve Web site quality, track marketing campaign responsiveness and evaluate page response rates.

To assess usage of IEEE products and services. IEEE may track your usage of IEEE products and services (e.g., IEEE Xplore) to determine your level of usage, and those usage statistics may be made available to IEEE's content licensors and your company/institution.

To communicate with you about a conference or event. We or our business associates may communicate with you about a conference or event hosted or co-sponsored by IEEE or one of our business associates. This may include information about the event's content, event logistics, payment, updates, and additional information related to the event. Information you provide when registering for or participating in a conference managed or co-sponsored by parties other than or in addition to IEEE may be shared with those parties, and the treatment of such information is further subject to the privacy policies of those parties. IEEE and its conference co-sponsors may contact you after the event about the event and related products and services. Please note that IEEE conference co-sponsors, exhibitors and other third parties may directly request your personal information at their conference booths or presentations. Providing your information to them is optional, and you should review their privacy policies to address your particular needs and concerns about how they will treat your personal information.

To comply with legal requirements. IEEE may disclose your personal information to comply with laws, court orders, litigation or other legal process, and/or in response to requests from governmental authorities within or outside your country of residence. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our rights or protect our operations or users.
As part of a merger or acquisition.  IEEE may disclose your personal information to a successor or acquiring entity as part of a merger, acquisition, reorganization or other transaction involving all or substantially all of IEEE's assets.

IEEE may share your personal information with agents, contractors and volunteers of IEEE in order to perform the functions listed above.


Membership directories. IEEE memberNet is an online directory and search tool that allows members to connect with other members . This tool can be utilized by members seeking peers who share a common technical interest, membership or affinity. IEEE memberNet is only available to active IEEE members. Each member has control over the profile information that can be displayed about them in memberNet. All profile information can be made searchable to the rest of the IEEE membership via the memberNet opt-in preferences.

Sharing of membership information. From time to time, we may share the IEEE membership e-mail lists, in part or as a whole, with other engineering societies and carefully selected third-party organizations who may provide you with information on technical products and services related to your profession or that we otherwise believe is useful to our members. In addition, the mailing lists may be used in connection with informing you about IEEE services, products, conferences, meetings, and events. You may instruct us to not share your e-mail address with third parties by indicating this preference on your membership application when you join IEEE, on your renewal form when you renew your membership, or by setting the preferences via your member profile page. Your choice to opt-out of third party mailings is effective until the next annual renewal date and you must select the mailing lists opt-out option on your renewal form to keep the opt-out in effect.


Customization of online services. There are IEEE online services that allow for the customization of end user preferences. The user interfaces for some of these services may allow members to create customized views that grant them access to information relating to Society memberships and subscriptions, connecting with their local section, finding upcoming conferences, reading the latest IEEE news, and more. To access these services, your IEEE Account is required for authentication and authorization purposes. Depending on the service, you may be allowed to choose and configure portlets to be displayed when you log in, and you may be able to customize whether and how online directories and search tools share your membership status or information with other IEEE members.

IEEE memberNet customization. You may customize whether and how IEEE memberNet, IEEE's online directory and search tool, shares your membership status with other IEEE members. Please refer to the membership directories section below.

Opting out. From time to time, IEEE may send you e-mails containing information about products or services that may be of interest to you. If you do not wish to receive further e-mails from IEEE that are promotional in nature, you may follow the opt-out instructions included in the e-mail. Some non-marketing communications are not subject to general opt-out, such as communications related to your IEEE membership; product downloads; sales transactions; product and service updates; event registrations; changes to the IEEE Constitution, By-Laws or Policies; election information for IEEE Societies and administrative bodies; and surveys.


Your California privacy rights. Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83 (also known as S.B. 27), if you are a California resident and your business relationship with IEEE is primarily for personal, family, or household purposes, you may request certain data regarding IEEE's disclosure, if any, of personal information to third parties for the third-parties' direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail to privacy@ieee.org with "Request for California Privacy Information" in the subject line. You may make such a request up to once per calendar year. If applicable, we will provide you, by e-mail, a list of the categories of personal information disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, along with the third parties' names and addresses. Please note that not all personal information sharing is covered by S.B. 27's requirements.

Third-party sites. The Web sites provide links to non-IEEE sites we believe may be of interest to you. Those sites are beyond our control. You are advised to check the privacy policies and terms of use of any non-IEEE sites before providing your personal information to them.

Transfer of information to other countries. IEEE's processing of the information that it collects may involve the transfer of that information to various countries around the world. By submitting your information to IEEE via the Web sites or in connection with your interactions with IEEE offline, you consent to such transfers and to the processing of this information in various countries around the world.

Questions and reporting violations: Please send any inquiries or reports of any possible privacy policy violations to privacy@ieee.org.

Policy updates. Changes to this policy require the approval of the IEEE Executive Director. The updated version of this policy will be effective upon its posting on the IEEE Web site on this Web page. Please check this page to review the most up-to-date version of this policy.


Please e-mail member-comments@ieee.org with any questions you have about our Privacy Policy or Terms and Conditions.Restaurant.com Online Privacy Policy
Main Feature

Last updated December, 2012

This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices for the Restaurant.com Site, which includes www.restaurant.com, www.diningdough.com, www.theidealmeal.com, www.theperfectpremium.com, websites contained within or otherwise available through external hyperlinks within such websites, certain mobile versions and apps of the foregoing, and associated social media outlets (collectively, the "Site"). Restaurant.com, Inc., a Delaware corporation, the provider of the Site (referred to as "us”, "we” or Restaurant.com), is committed to protecting your privacy online. Please read the following to learn what information we collect from you (the "User" or the "End User") and how we use that information. If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please email us.

PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. BY ACCESSING OR USING OUR WEBSITE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND TO ALL THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND OUR WEBSITE TERMS OF USE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, EXIT THIS PAGE AND DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THE WEBSITE.We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time without notice to you by among other ways, posting the revised Privacy Policy in the "Privacy Policy" section of the Site. The revised Privacy Policy is effective immediately when posted. It is your responsibility to review the Site and the Privacy Policy periodically to learn of any modifications. Your continued use of the Site, or any product or service offered through the Site, after the posting of any modifications will constitute your acknowledgment and acceptance of the terms of the modified Privacy Policy.We collect two types of information about our Site Users: Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information.

Personally Identifiable Information. Personally Identifiable Information is information that identifies a specific End User. When you engage in certain activities on or off the Website, such as creating an account, signing in to your account, ordering a product or service from us or our partners, adding items to your shopping cart, submitting content and/or posting User Content, entering a contest or sweepstakes sponsored by us or our partners, filling out a survey, posting a review, sending us or our partners feedback, requesting information about our services, submitting an affiliate agreement, applying for a job or to be a consultant or supplier, posting a video or signing up for special offers from third parties through the Website (collectively, "Identification Activities"), we may ask you to provide certain information about yourself. It is optional for you to engage in an Identification Activity. If you elect to engage in an Identification Activity, however, we may ask you to provide us with certain personal information about yourself, such as your first and last name, mailing address (including zip code), email address, telephone number, date of birth and Restaurant.com account information. When you order products or services, we may also ask you to provide us with your credit card number, expiration date and authentication codes or related information. We may also know your location if you access the Site. Depending on the activity, some of the information we ask you to provide is identified as mandatory and some is identified as voluntary. If you do not provide the mandatory information for a particular activity that requires it, you will not be permitted to engage in that activity

We may collect, use and store Personally Identifiable Information, including credit card information, to provide products and services to you, make the log-in and checkout process easier, administer our Rewards Program, sweepstakes and contests, help you track your past purchases and orders, enhance the operation of the Site, improve our marketing and promotional efforts to your tastes and location, customize future shopping interests, analyze Site use, improve our product and service offerings, and to tailor your experience with third parties as provided in Item 3 of this Privacy Policy.

If you provide User Content, such as an email to our customer service or response to a restaurant survey, we may use your comments and feedback to tell others about our services, and may post your comment in our marketing materials or on our Website. In connection with such User Content and our Rewards Program, we may also display partial information such as first name, initial of last name, city and state. Such partial information is not considered Personally Identifiable Information.

In addition, if you use our Site to send information or a product to another person, we may store your personal information, and the personal information of any recipient. We may use that other person's contact information to allow him or her to view and accept your gift or to allow the recipient to access the information you requested we send. As another example, if you put items in your shopping cart, we may save the items you have selected to make your checkout process easier in the future, or to remind you about the items you may have forgotten. We may also use Personally Identifiable Information to troubleshoot, resolve disputes, accomplish administrative tasks, contact you, enforce our agreements with you, including our Site Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy, comply with applicable law, and cooperate with law enforcement activities.

Non-Personally Identifiable Information. Non-Personally Identifiable Information is information that does not identify a specific End User. This type of information may include things like the Uniform Resource Locator ("URL") of the website you visited before coming to our Website, the URL of the website you visit after leaving our Website, the type of browser you are using and your Internet Protocol ("IP") address. We, and/or our authorized Third Party Service Providers and Advertisers, may automatically collect this information when you visit our Website through the use of electronic tools like Cookies and Web beacons or Pixel tags, as described in Items 4 and 8 of this Privacy Policy.

We use Non-Personally Identifiable Information to troubleshoot, administer the Website, analyze trends, gather demographic information, comply with applicable law, and cooperate with law enforcement activities. We may also share this information with our authorized Third Party Service Providers and Advertisers to measure the overall effectiveness of our online advertising, content, and programming..
We will not share your Personally Identifiable Information with other parties except as provided below:

We may share your information with Affiliated Restaurants. We provide some products or services jointly with particular restaurants. These are known as "Affiliated Restaurants." We share some of your Personally Identifiable Information with Affiliated Restaurants in order to help them provide you with better service and track the value of our program. Sharing this Information will allow an Affiliated Restaurant to market directly to you should they choose to do so. However, we will only share Personally Identifiable Information with an Affiliated Restaurant if you engage in an Identification Activity, and then only to the Affiliated Restaurant involved in that Identification Activity. For example, if you purchase a promotional certificate for a particular restaurant, we may share your name, email address and city with that restaurant. We may also share your Personally Identifiable Information with an Affiliated Restaurant if you choose to make an online reservation using our Website. The Affiliated Restaurant needs this information to complete the reservation and it may contact you regarding the reservation.

We may share your information with Affiliated Businesses. We provide some products or services jointly with other retail merchants who offer discounts through us and donation opportunities through charitable organizations. These are known as "Affiliated Businesses." We may share your Personally Identifiable Information with an Affiliated Business so they can contact you regarding a transaction. Sharing this Information will allow an Affiliated Business to market directly to you should they choose to do so. However, we will only share Personally Identifiable Information with an Affiliated Business if you engage in an Identification Activity, and then only to the Affiliated Business involved in that Identification Activity. For example, if you purchase a promotional certificate or voucher for a particular retail merchant, we may share your name, email address and city with that merchant.

We may share your information with Marketing Partners. From time to time we may establish a business relationship with third parties. These are known as our "Marketing Partners." We may share your Personally Identifiable Information with our Marketing Partners to enable them to contact you regarding products, services, and special offers that may be of interest to you. Some Marketing Partners may contact you from a promotional space on our Website, and others may contact you via email.

We may share your information with Authorized Third Party Service Providers. We provide some of our services and products through third parties. These "Third Party Service Providers" perform functions on our behalf, like sending out and distributing our administrative and promotional emails. We may share your Personally Identifiable Information with such Service Providers to fulfill orders, deliver packages, send postal or email, administer our Rewards Program contests or sweepstakes, remove repetitive information and improve information on customer lists and databases, analyze data and activities, provide marketing assistance, provide search results and links, process credit card payments, operate the Website, troubleshoot, and provide customer service. We may also collect personal information from individuals and companies ("Affiliates") with whom we have business relationships and may have to also share their information with Service Providers to accomplish our administrative tasks. For example, when you order a service, we release your credit card information to the card-issuing bank to confirm payment for the service and, if applicable, release your address to the delivery service to deliver the service. Likewise, we may release an Affiliate's information to our bank to send out a payment.

We encourage Affiliated Restaurants, Affiliated Businesses, Marketing Partners and Third Party Service Providers to adopt and post privacy policies. However, the use of your Personally Identifiable Information by such parties is governed by the privacy policies of such parties and is not subject to our control.

We may share your information in a Business Transfer. As with any other business, we could merge with, or be acquired by another company. If this occurs, the successor company would acquire the information we maintain, including Personally Identifiable Information. However, Personally Identifiable Information would remain subject to this Privacy Policy.

We may share your information for our Protection and the Protection of Others. We may also disclose Personally Identifiable Information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law or a court order; enforce or apply this Privacy Policy, our Website Terms of Use or other agreements; or protect the rights, property or safety of the Website, its Users or others.
We may disclose or share Non-Personally Identifiable Information with Partners, Affiliates and Advertisers. For example, we may share aggregated demographic information (which does not include any Personally Identifiable Information) with "Third Party Advertisers" or "Third Party Advertising Companies" and other parties as provided below:

We use Third Party Advertising Companies to serve ads when you visit our Website. These companies may use Non-Personally Identifiable Information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide, through the use of network tags, advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you. Some of these Third Party Advertising Companies may be advertising networks that are members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI"). If you would like more information about any NAI member company, or you would like to opt-out of targeted advertising from any NAI member company, click here: http://www.networkadvertising.org/consumer/opt_out.asp

We also use Third Party Service Providers, like Omniture, to track and analyze Non-Personally Identifiable usage and volume statistical information from our Users to administer our Website and constantly improve its quality. We may also publish this information for promotional purposes or as a representative audience for Advertisers. Please note that this is not Personally Identifiable Information, only general summaries of the activities of our Users. Such data is collected on our behalf, and is owned and used by us. If you would like more information about this policy, including how to opt out, please visit: http://www.omniture.com/privacy.htmlWe believe that you should have the ability to access and edit the Personally Identifiable Information you provide us. You may change any of your Personally Identifiable Information by: (1) updating your account at http://www.restaurant.com/accountmanager/account/login/my-home.asp (2) emailing us; or (3) writing to us at the address below. Please indicate your name, address and email address, and what information you would like to update when you contact us.

We encourage you to promptly update your Personally Identifiable Information if it changes. You may ask to have the information on your account deleted or removed; however, because we keep track of past transactions, you cannot delete information associated with past transactions on the Website. In addition, in may be impossible for us to completely delete all of your information because we periodically backup information.As discussed above, you can always choose not to provide information, although it may be required to engage in a certain activity on the Website.

As a condition of account registration, we require your permission to send you Administrative and Promotional emails. We will send you information regarding your account activity and purchases as well as updates about our products and promotional offers. You cannot opt-out of Administrative Emails. "Administrative Emails" relate to a User's activity on the Website, and include emails regarding a particular User's account, requests or inquiries, and purchases of products and services. In contrast to Administrative Emails, however, you do have a choice with respect to Promotional Emails. Promotional Emails update you about new services available on our Site, and advertise our products and services, including exclusive sales and other offers, our Rewards Program and/or the products and services of our Advertisers and Affiliates. We send Promotional Emails to Users who register with us and have not opted-out of receiving Promotional Emails. If you do not want to receive Promotional Emails from us, you may elect to opt-out of receiving Promotional Emails at any time after registering by (1) adjusting your account preferences at http://www.restaurant.com/my-restaurant.asp; (2) emailing us; (3) writing to us at the address found below, or (4) hitting the "unsubscribe" button at the bottom of any of our promotional emails. When contacting us, please indicate your name, address, email address, and what Promotional Emails you do not want to receive. For SMS Text Messaging, reply “Stop” and we will remove you from receiving SMS Text Alerts. Please note that this paragraph applies to Promotional Emails only if another agreement (like an Incentive or Loyalty Solution ("ILS") Division agreement or Affiliate agreement) does not supersede this term of the policy. If you received a promotional certificate through our ILS division, please either contact us or contact the company that gave you the certificate to determine if our Promotional Email Policy applies to you.

You also have a choice with respect to the sharing of your Personally Identifiable Information with Affiliated Businesses and Marketing Partners for direct marketing purposes (but not with Affiliated Businesses for transaction-related purposes, Affiliated Restaurants, or Third Party Service Providers). As described above, if we share your Personally Identifiable Information with Affiliated Business or Marketing Partners, such companies may contact you regarding products and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to share your Personally Identifiable Information with Affiliated Businesses or Marketing Partners for direct marketing purposes, you may elect to opt-out of such information sharing after you sign up as a registered User by (1) adjusting your account preferences at http://www.restaurant.com/my-restaurant.asp; (2) emailing us; or (3) writing to us at the address found below. When contacting us, please indicate your name, address, email address, and what information you do not want us to share with Affiliated Businesses or Marketing Partners. Please note that because email addresses and names are one mechanism used by Affiliated Restaurants to track the success of our service, we must share your name and address with an Affiliated Restaurant when you purchase or redeem a promotional certificate to that particular Affiliated Restaurant. If you receive unwanted communication from an Affiliated Restaurant, contact such Affiliated Restaurant directly to address such communications.

Please note that opting out of our Promotional Emails or information sharing as described above will only affect future communications from us. This means, for example, that while we will promptly stop sharing such information once we receive your opt-out request, if we shared your information with an Affiliated Business or Marketing Partner before your request, you must contact such Marketing Partner or Affiliated Business to directly opt-out of its communications.

If you are a restaurant, merchant or other business partner, including a Double Deals business or charitable organization and you provided us with your email address, you will receive service-oriented Partner Emails from us regarding your account. You have the choice of whether you would like to receive these emails. If you do not wish to receive account updates, you can opt-out by (1) emailing us; (2) writing to us at the address found below; or (3) hitting the unsubscribe button at the bottom of an account email. If you wish not to receive our customer promotional emails, you must opt-in to those emails on our consumer Website. Please note that opting-out (once you have opted-in) of Promotional Emails will not result in your opting out of Partner Emails and vice versa.
We take security seriously and take numerous precautions to protect the security of Personally Identifiable Information. You can access your Personally Identifiable Information on our Website through a password and unique User ID selected by you, or, for restaurant partners, by us. This password is encrypted. We recommend that you do not share your password with anyone. In addition, your Personally Identifiable Information resides on a secure server that only selected personnel and contractors have access to. We encrypt certain sensitive information using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to ensure that your Personally Identifiable Information is safe as it is transmitted to us.

Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we employ commercially reasonable security measures to protect data and seek to partner with companies which do the same, we cannot guarantee the security of any information transmitted to or from the Website, and are not responsible for the actions of any third parties that may receive any such information.Cookies. To facilitate and customize your experience with the Website, we store cookies on your computer. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a User's computer for record-keeping purposes which contains information about that User. We use cookies and other browser analytics tools to save you time while using the Website, remind us who you are, administer our Rewards Program and track and target User interests in order to provide a customized experience. Cookies and web analytics tools also allow us to collect information about your experience, like which pages you visited, what links you clicked on, and, when combined with information you provide to us, we may be able to tell what kind of items you may be interested in to make your experience more enjoyable. Use of this information helps us to create a more user-friendly experience for all visitors. In addition, we may use Third Party Advertising Companies to display advertisements on our Website. As part of their service, they may place separate cookies on your computer. We have no access to or control over these cookies. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by our Website only and does not cover the use of cookies by any Advertiser. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you may be able to modify your browser settings to decline cookies. Please note that if you decline or delete these cookies, some parts of the Website may not work properly.

Other Tracking Devices. We may use other industry standard technologies like pixel tags, web beacons and other tools to track your use of our Website pages and promotions, or we may allow our Third Party Service Providers to use these devices on our behalf. These tools are software code that allows us to determine what pages you visit, whether you have performed a specific action, etc. When you access these pages or open or click an email, these tools generate a notice of that action. These tools allow us to measure and improve our understanding of visitor traffic and behavior on our Website, as well as give us a way to measure our promotions and performance. We may also utilize pixel tags, web beacons and other tools provided by our Affiliates and/or Marketing Partners for the same purposes.This Privacy Policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. Other websites that may be accessible through this Website have their own privacy policies and data collection, use and disclosure practices. If you link to any such website, we urge you review the website's privacy policy. We are not responsible for the policies or practices of third parties.Children. Minors under the age of 13 may not use the Website. We do not collect or maintain information from anyone known to be under the age of 13, and no part of the Website is designed to attract anyone under the age of 13.

Notice of Privacy Rights to California Residents. California law requires that we provide you with a summary of your privacy rights under the California Online Privacy Protection Act (the "Act") and the California Business and Professions Code. As required by the Act, we will provide you with the categories of Personally Identifiable Information that we collect through the Website and the categories of third party persons or entities with whom such Personally Identifiable Information may be shared for direct marketing purposes at your request. California law requires us to inform you, at your request, (1) the categories of Personally Identifiable Information we collect and what third parties we share that information with; (2) the names and addresses of those third parties; and (3) examples of the products marketed by those companies. The Act further requires us to allow you to control who you do not want us to share that information with. To obtain this information, please send a request by email or standard mail to the address found below. When contacting us, please indicate your name, address, email address, and what Personally Identifiable Information you do not want us to share with Affiliated Businesses or Marketing Partners. The request should be sent to the attention of our legal department, and labeled "California Customer Choice Notice." Please allow 30 days for a response. Also, please note that there is no charge for controlling the sharing of your Personally Identifiable Information or requesting this notice.Whether you're a new or loyal customer, restaurant owner, marketer, publisher, media member or job seeker we'd like to stay connected and want to hear from you!

Corporate Address
Restaurant.com
1500 West Shure Drive, Suite 200
Arlington Heights, Illinois 60004
Phone
1-800-979-8985 Toll-free
(8:00a.m. – 8:00p.m. CST, Monday through Friday)
Email

Customer Service Inquiries | info@restaurant.com

Restaurant Owner Inquiries from Current Partners | partnersupport@restaurant.com

Restaurant Owner Inquiries from Prospective Partners | partnerjoin@restaurant.com

Corporate Business Inquiries | corpsalesinfo@restaurant.com

Marketing and Advertising Opportunities | marketing@restaurant.com

Press and Media Requests | pr@restaurant.com

Career Opportunities | jobs@restaurant.comMonster.s Privacy Commitment . Overview
Monster is committed to protecting the privacy of our users, and strives to provide a safe, secure user experience. This Privacy Statement sets forth the online data collection and usage policies and practices that apply to this web site. The following statement explains Monster.s commitment to managing your personal information and sets out how and when personal information is collected, held, used or disclosed. This Privacy Commitment only applies to data gathered on the Monsterindia.com web site (the "Web Site"), and does not apply to any other information or web site.

By registering or by using this site, you explicitly accept, without limitation or qualification, the collection, use and transfer of the personal information provided by you in the manner described in this Statement. Please read this Statement carefully as it affects your rights and liabilities under law. If you do not accept the Privacy Statement stated herein or disagree with the way we collect and process personal information collected on the Web site, please do not use it.This policy applies to www.monsterindia.com. (the “Site” or “Web Site”), which is operated and owned by Monster.com (India) Private Limited and its Parent Company Monster Worldwide Inc. (“Monster”). It is Monster's policy to comply with data protection legislation. This regulates the processing of information relating to you and grants you various rights in respect of your personal data.

The Site contain links to other web sites over which we have no control. Monster is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of other web sites to which you choose to link from this site. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of those other web sites so you can understand how they collect, use and share your information.

We also do not control the data use practices of either (a) employers or others who may access your information on this site, or (b) third party Ad Networks and other third parties with whom we work to serve you personalized ads on our sites. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and opt-out choices of those third parties so you can understand how they collect, use and share your information.You do not have to give us any personal information in order to perform job searches or to read the content portions of our Site. We collect the following general types of information about you when you visit our Sites: personal information, demographic information, behavioral information, and indirect information. Sometimes we collect combinations of all these types of information. In each case, it is indicated on the web site whether any personal or demographic data must be provided to use the requested service or not.

Personal information is information that can be used to identify you, or any other individual to whom the information may relate, personally. We do not collect personal information unless you choose to provide it to us. Some examples of personal information that we collect in some areas of our Site, depending on the services you use and local law, are:
Your name
Address
Email address
Telephone number
Contact information
Billing information
Information about third parties, such as references or contacts, that you provide to us if you have their express written consent to do so
Demographic information is information that is not unique to you in the sense that it refers to selected population characteristics, such as your ZIP code or postal code, age, preferences, gender, race or ethnicity, occupation, career history, interests and favorites.

We also collect behavioral information regarding how you use our site and mobile applications, the areas of our site that you visit, what services you access, and information about your computer hardware and software including your IP address, geolocation, browser and operating system type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is necessary for analyzing the use of resources, troubleshooting problems, preventing fraud, and improving our services.

In addition, Monster may collect indirect information about you when you use certain third party services on our web site and the collection of such information is considered necessary for that purpose.

We do not collect sensitive personal data or information of users like password of your e mail account; password of your Monster account (as it automatically get saved in the Monster server when you create an account or register with Monster and not authorized by Monster for access unless desired under any legal obligation); financial information such as Bank Account details or Credit Card or Debit Card or other payment related details; physical and mental or other health conditions or medical records and history; Biometric information such as finger prints, voice & facial patterns and DNA any other sensitive information which is confidential or sensitive by its nature.

We may personalize the advertising that you are shown on our sites or other sites with which we have a business relationship. In order to provide this personalization, in addition to information we collect about you on our sites, we acquire information (including personal, demographic, behavioral and indirect information) about you from third parties who provide it to us.We use the information we gather on the web site for the purposes of providing our services, responding to any queries you may have, operating and improving the web site, fostering a positive user experience and delivering the products and services that we offer to jobseekers and employers. Our services include the display of personalized products, content, and advertising relating to your career experience and interests, either on our site or other sites with which we have a business relationship. The information we gather on any Monster web site may be shared within the Monster group of companies or any of the Monster-affiliated companies on a worldwide basis in order to deliver these products and services we offer to employers such as searches for job seekers or in order to undertake analysis of our database such as aggregate profiling of our registered users. In this Privacy Commitment, "affiliated companies" shall mean entities that control, are controlled by or are under common control with Monster Worldwide, Inc. Some Monster companies may be located in countries that do not have legislation that guarantees adequate protection of personal information as defined by your country of residence.By registering with Monster, by managing your profile, or opting in when presented with choices, you have explicitly consented for us to use your information, subject to local law, in the following ways:
to allow you to create an account;
to create a profile for you based on information that you have provided to us;
to contact you about Monster Site updates, informational and service-related communications, including important security updates;
to provide you additional communications, information, and promotions such as newsletters and career advice;
to inform you of other products or services available from Monster or its affiliates (“Affiliates” means entities that control, are controlled by or are under common control with Monster Worldwide, Inc.);
to enable you to provide feedback, to contact us and for us to respond to you;
to conduct surveys, questionnaires, promotions and contests, and to provide the results thereof such as success stories and contest winners;
to provide information about you and your potential interest in job postings to employer customers;
to provide products and services to employer customers to complete the recruitment and hiring process, such as accessing the searchable resume database;
to provide products and services that enable users to network, post information on bulletin boards, view and compare profiles, and career background and experience;
to generate internal reports about the use of our site; and
to provide ‘forward to a friend' features.
Some of our products and services, such as our searchable resume database and networking, enable third parties to see your personal information and to contact you. Profile information may be used for networking with other community members or may be visible to employers who are using the Monster Sites. In addition, portions of your searchable resume (but not your contact information) may be made public in your networking profile.

Information you post in public areas of the site or place in the searchable resume database will be accessed, used, and stored by others around the world, including those in countries that might not have legislation that guarantees adequate protection of personal information as defined by your country of residence. By providing your personal information for inclusion in our database, you acknowledge that you consent to your information being used as described here. While Monster takes measures to safeguard your information from unauthorized access or inappropriate use by third parties, Monster does not control these third parties and we are not responsible for their use of information you post or otherwise make available in public areas of the Monster Sites. Accordingly, you should ensure that you do not post sensitive information, including personality profiles, to any Monster Site.We gather information about all of our users collectively, such as what areas users visit most frequently and what services users access the most. We only use such data anonymously and in the aggregate. This information helps us determine what is most beneficial for our users, and how we can continually create a better overall experience for you. We may share this information with our partners, but only in the aggregate, so that they too may understand how Monster visitors use our Web Site, and also create a better overall experience for you. We do not disclose information about your individual visits to Monster to any outside parties, except when to the extent necessary or appropriate to comply with applicable laws, rules or regulations or in legal proceedings when such information is relevant.Monster is a career site, we retain your personal information to assist in your career performance or management including finding or retaining work; or to facilitate other services to or by us.

For example, when you sign up to use a service, enter into a contest, or purchase a product, we collect more specific personal information about you, such as your name, address, email address, telephone number, qualifications or career history.

If you choose to do so we may also retain sensitive information about you such as information about your membership in a professional or trade association or trade union.

We may also ask you for other information, such as information on your interests, your likes and dislikes regarding the Web Site, the types of jobs you are interested in, etc., in an effort to deliver to you the best possible Web Site experience. When you grant us your permission, we will communicate with you regularly with tips, advice and survey information on using the Monster Web Site to maximise your career development. Monster also provides you with the opportunity to opt-out of these types of communications. If you choose to receive these types of communications at the time of registration, but later decide you no longer want to receive them, simply log in to your My Monster account and edit your account profile.

If you input your information on a co-branded registration page, such as that of a Monster and partner company-sponsored contest, then your information will be collected, used and becomes the property of both Monster and the partner co-sponsoring the contest. In that instance, Monster is not responsible for the information that the partner company receives or how it is used.

If you do not provide us with the information sought in the required fields Monster may be limited in its ability to provide you with services.We use the information we gather on the Web Site, whether personal, demographic, collective or technical, for the purposes of operating and improving the Web Site, fostering a positive user experience, and delivering the products and services that we offer.

If you have provided consent for us to do so, we may also use the information we gather to inform you of other products or services available from us or our affiliated companies or to contact you about your opinion of current products and services or potential new products and services that may be offered.

We may use your contact information in order to send you e-mail or other communications regarding updates at the Web Site to contact you about your opinion of current products and services or potential new products and services that may be offered. We may also provide additional communications, promotions and information on new Monster opportunities , and additional job postings which may be of interest to you. The nature and frequency of these messages will vary depending upon the information we have about you.

In addition, at the time of registration for an account, you have the option to elect or not elect to receive additional communications, information and promotions, including without limitation, free informational newsletters from us relating to topics that may be of special interest to you, such as career management advice.

Monster cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personal information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Commitment. Therefore, although we are committed to protecting your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information or private communications will always remain private. As a user of the Web Site, you understand and agree that you assume all responsibility and risk for your use of the Web Site, the internet generally, and the documents you post or access and for your conduct on and off the Web Site.We disclose to third parties within your country and abroad your personal information, combined personal, demographic, behavioral or indirect information, as set forth below:
We disclose your resume to employers who have posted job opportunities that may be of interest to you on the Web Site when you apply for those jobs.

We may share your information with third parties who help us in the delivery of our own products and services to you. We disclose information to companies and individuals we employ to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include hosting our web servers, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. These companies and individuals may be located in a country whose data protection legislation is different from your country, and they will have access to your personal information as necessary to perform their functions, but they may not share that information with any other third party or use that data for any other purpose. We will remain responsible for any information shared in this way.

We may disclose such information to third parties if you consent to such disclosure. For example, if you make your resume searchable, then all parties with access to our searchable resume database (or copies thereof) will have access to your resume. If you indicate by configuring your profile that you would like to receive information about the opportunities, products or services of third parties, we supply your contact information to select third parties such as employers, recruiters, data aggregators, marketers or others for the purpose of sending you e-mail or otherwise communicating with you. We use data we have about you (such as the interests and preferences you have expressed) to determine whether you might be interested in the opportunities, products or services of a particular third party. For example, if you indicate that you would like to receive information about the opportunities, products or services of third parties at the time you register for a Monster account, we supply your contact information to third parties such as employers, recruiters, data aggregators, marketers or others for the purpose of sending you e-mail or otherwise communicating with you.

We also share aggregated anonymous information about visitors to the Sites with Monster.s clients, partners, other Site visitors, and other third parties so that they can understand the kinds of visitors to the Sites and how those visitors use the Sites in order to serve advertisements to you on our Sites or other sites with which we have a business relationship. We may also aggregate on an anonymous basis data regarding job qualifications, schooling, age, experience level or other information relevant to the job search or competition among job seekers for any such job. Such aggregated data does not identify users individually, and may be made available to employers or fellow job seekers or community members.We disclose information to companies and individuals we employ to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include hosting our web servers, data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. These companies and individuals will have access to your personal information as may necessary to perform their functions, but they may not share that information with any other third party.

We supply technology, hosting, hiring management and related services to other leading companies to power recruitment areas on their Web sites (sometimes referred to as “Hosted Career Sites”). Personal and/or demographic information supplied by you in Hosted Career Sites becomes part of the Monster database, but it is not accessible by anyone other than you, Monster, and the company concerned without your consent. If you attempt to register with Monster after registering with a Hosted Career Site, Monster will recognize your information and you will be able to use the information you provided to the Hosted Career Site in your account registration.

Information gathered on a page in a Hosted Career Site area or on a co-branded page may be retained by both Monster and the other company. In that instance, the use of such information by the other company will be subject to the privacy policy of that company and Monster is not responsible for that company's use of your personal or demographic information.

If you apply for a position through a Hosted Career Site or a co-branded site, you may be asked to provide information on your age, gender or race where permitted by law. You should understand that, if provided, this information should only be used by employers in accordance with applicable law. However, Monster is not responsible for the actions of such employers. All such information provided will be kept separate by Monster from your expression of interest in any job opportunity. Providing this information is strictly voluntary and you will not be subject to any adverse action or treatment from Monster if you choose not to provide this information.

If you apply for a position on Monster through a Hosted Career Site, you may be asked to provide information on your gender, race, or other protected status, or for a government identity number where permitted by applicable law. Some employers are required by law to gather this information from job applicants for reporting and record-keeping requirements. You should understand that if provided, this information may only be used by employers only in accordance with applicable law and they should not use it in making any negative employment decisions. All information provided will be kept separate from your expression of interest in any job opportunity. Providing this information is subject to local law.

We disclose information if legally required to do so, or at our discretion pursuant to a request from a governmental entity or if we believe in good faith . after considering your privacy interests and other factors . that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process; (b) protect our rights or property or our affiliated companies; (c) prevent a crime or protect national security; or (d) protect the personal safety of users or the public. Because Monster.com (India) Private Limited is an Indian Company and its Parent Company Monster Worldwide, Inc. is a US company, your information may become subject to both Indian and U.S. law. 4. We may disclose and transfer such information to a third party who acquires any or all of Monster's business units, whether such acquisition is by way of merger, consolidation or purchase of all or a substantial portion of our assets. In addition, in the event Monster becomes the subject of an insolvency proceeding, whether voluntary or involuntary, Monster or its liquidator, administrator, receiver or administrative receiver may sell, license or otherwise dispose of such information in a transaction approved by the court. You will be notified of the sale of all or a substantial portion of our business to a third party by email or through a prominent notice posted on the Sites.We give you the option of putting your resume in our database.

When you create or post a resume to the Sites, that resume is stored in our searchable resume database in India. You may control the status of your resume by setting it to private or public.

You can store your resume in our database, but not allow it to be searchable by potential employers or recruiters. Not allowing your resume to be searchable means that you can use it to apply for a job online, but employers and recruiters will not have access to search it through our resume database product.

If you set your resume as private, it is not searchable by potential employers or other with access to our resume database. You may still use your resume to apply online to a job. If you do apply online to a job, your resume will be transferred to the relevant employer, who may retain a copy of your resume or distribute it to third parties. We cannot control their use or retention of your resume information.

If you set your resume as public, but want your contact information to be confidential, your resume will be searchable by potential employers, but we will hide your contact information and current company. You must also remove your contact information from your uploaded or copy and paste text resume. You should be aware that if you have a rare skill or job title, for example, it may still be possible for you to be identified even without your contact details being included. If you are worried about being identified, you should not include specific details by which you could be identified. If you use a confidential resume to apply to a job online, the employer to whom you send your resume will be able to view your contact information in order to contact you about your application.

If you allow your resume to be searchable without making it confidential, then all parties with access to our searchable resume database (or copies thereof) will have access to your resume. Employers or other parties with access to our searchable resume database may be located in countries whose data protection legislation may not be equivalent to the laws in your country. For example, your resume may be viewed and accessed by employers outside the European Economic Area who have access to our searchable database. By making your resume searchable, you are expressly consenting to such transfers of data.

We attempt to limit access to our searchable resume database to legitimate users such as paying employers, recruiters, hiring managers, headhunters and human resource professionals, as well as law enforcement and national security agencies, but cannot guarantee that other parties will not gain access to this database. We cannot control the use made of resumes by third parties who access such resumes while they are in our searchable database. You may remove your resume from our searchable database at any time; details of how to do this are given below. However, employers, recruiters and others who have paid for access to that database, as well as parties who have otherwise gained access to the database may have retained a copy of your resume in their own files or databases. We will take reasonable steps to ensure that parties other than those mentioned above will not, without our consent, gain access to this database. However Monster is not responsible for the retention, use, or privacy of resumes by any third parties. We cannot control the retention, use or privacy of resumes or profiles that have been downloaded by third parties. Accordingly, you should not put sensitive information, personality profiles, or other information you would not want made public, in your resume.

If you provide us with details of a reference, it is your responsibility to ensure that the person is aware that you have forwarded his/her details and has consented in writing for you to do so.

If you use our facilities to build a resume or to post a resume in our database of jobseekers. resumes, then you will be providing us with personal data we will use in accordance with this Statement. Your resume must not contain sensitive data relating to your (i) racial or ethnic origin (ii) political beliefs (iii) philosophical or religious beliefs (iv) membership of a trade union or political party (v) physical or mental health or genetic makeup (vi) addictions, sexual life (vii) the commission of criminal offences or proceedings and associated penalties or fines, or (viii) any Social Security Number or national identification number, if you set your resume as private unless you have previously sent to us your written consent that we may process your sensitive personal data, if Monster determines this to be a requirement of applicable law. If your resume does contain such data and you set your resume as public, then you agree that we may retain this information and use it in accordance with this Statement. We cannot control third parties. access to such information from our searchable database.Please remember that if you post any of your personal information in public areas of Monster, such as in online forums or chat rooms, or in the searchable resume database, such information may be collected and used by others over whom Monster has no control. We cannot control the use made by third parties of information you post or otherwise make available in public areas of Monster.We wish to ensure your personal information is complete, accurate and up to date. Monster allows you to change or correct your personal information at any time. To do so, simply log into your My Monster account, and you will find options for editing the information you have submitted.You can gain access to the personal information you have provided by visiting our Web Site. If you need assistance to log in you can contact us by calling or emailing info@monsterindia.com. If you have not accessed your resume for some time we may also contact you to check your information is still correct. A request for access to the personal information we hold about you, or in relation to an inquiry about privacy, should be sent to info@monsterindia.com for the attention of the relevant officer.

We retain indefinitely all the information we gather about you in an effort to make your repeat use of the Web Site more efficient, practical and relevant. You can delete your resume from Monster.s online database, close your account at any time in which event we will remove all our copies of your resume and your account information from the Web Site, except for an archival copy which is not accessible on the internet.Because managing your career is a life-long process, we retain all the information we gather about you in an effort to make your repeat use with us more efficient, practical and relevant until you change or remove your personal data as described below. You may have access to, review, correct, update, change or delete your account profile information or resume at any time. Simply log into your account, go to your profile or resume, and make the necessary changes. You may delete your resume from Monster.s online database at any time by accessing your account. Before providing you with a copy of your personal information or correcting, updating or deleting such information, we reserve the right to verify and authenticate your identity and the personal information to which you have requested access. Access to or correction, updating or deletion of your personal information may be denied or limited by Monster if it would violate another person.s rights and/or as otherwise permitted by applicable law. We will respond to information access requests within 30 days of receipt. If we require additional time to provide access to your information, we will acknowledge receipt of your request within 30 days and promptly supplement our response within the time period required by applicable law. We will respond to information access requests within 30 days of receipt. If we require additional time to provide access to your information, we will acknowledge receipt of your request within 30 days and promptly supplement our response within the time period required by applicable law.

If you wish to delete or close your account or account profile information altogether, please contact us at info@monsterindia.com to contact us. An email will be sent to you to confirm that your personal information has been deleted (save for an archival copy which is not accessible by you or third parties on the Internet). The archival copy is retained only for as long as Monster reasonably considers necessary for audit and record purposes. We will also retain logs, demographic, indirect, and statistical information that may relate to you but do not identify you personally. If your personal information was previously accessed by others using our Sites, we are not able to delete the information or copies thereof from their systems.

If you do not want your information to be processed as described by this policy, you make revoke your consent to our Privacy Policy. If you wish to do so, please info@monsterindia.com to contact us. However, please note that if you do withdraw your consent, you may not be able to use the relevant services and your account and profile information will be deleted.

If you previously opted to receive newsletters, commercial e-mails or other communications from Monster or third parties, but subsequently change your mind, you may opt-out by editing your account profile as described above. If you previously opted not to receive such communications, you may later opt-in by editing your account profile.If you are buying a product from Monster via the Web Site, your personal details and credit card information are scrambled using Secure Socket Layer ("SSL") encryption technology before being sent over the Internet. SSL makes it very difficult for your information to be stolen or intercepted while being transferred. However, we cannot guarantee encryption or the privacy of your personal details and credit card information. When we receive your order, it is kept encrypted until we are ready to process it. We will take reasonable steps to keep the information you provide us with secure.The information you provide is stored on the Monster database. To provide you with the highest quality service the Monster database is located in the India. When providing information you agree this may be transferred to a Monster database in another country.To enhance your experience at Monster, we use a feature on your Internet browser called a "cookie". Cookies are small files that your Web browser places on your computer.s hard drive. We use cookies for remembering user names and passwords and preferences, tracking click streams, and for load balancing. Because of our use of cookies, we can deliver faster service, consistent, updated results, and a more personalised Web Site experience. You have the option of setting your browser to reject cookies. However, doing this will hinder performance and negatively impact your experience on our Web Site.

We also allow other companies to display advertisements to you while you are visiting our Web Site. Because your web browser must request these advertisements from the other companies. servers, these companies can view, edit or set their own cookies, just as if you had requested a web page from their site. Monster has no control over, and is not responsible for, the practices of those third party advertisers. Monster encourages you to review the policies of such advertisers. Third parties, such as Google, Double Click, Right media and other advertiser platforms, may also use information that they gather from your activity on our Web Site to select which Monster advertisement should be displayed to you on web sites other than our Web Site.

You can opt-out of customized advertising by third parties by setting your browser to decline third party cookies or some browsers allow you to block cookies from a particular third party whose customized advertising you do not wish to receive. You can also delete the advertiser.s cookie each time after it has been served. In addition, third party advertisers, including advertising networks, may offer an opt-out of their customized advertising. If you visit an advertiser.s own web site, you will be able to see their policies. If you wish, you may opt out of Google's use of customized advertising by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page, you can opt out of Doubleclick.s use of customized advertising by visiting the Doubleclick opt-out page, and you can opt out of Right Media.s use of customized advertising by visiting Right Media opt out page.

In addition, many of these third parties are members of the Network Advertising Initiative, which requires its members to provide a permanent opt-out from their customized ads. You can opt-out of customized advertising by all NAI members by visiting the NAI site. However, since opting out is enforced by serving a blocking cookie, if you later delete all cookies, you will also delete your blocking cookie and will need to set it again. In addition, advertisers. opt-out cookies may expire after a set period of time and will need to be re-set following their expiration.

If you opt-out of customized advertising by third parties, you will still see ads on our Web Site and Monster ads elsewhere on web sites other than our Web Site, however, such ads will be not be customized to your interests and may be less relevant to you.

Please note that if you opt-out of cookies by changing your browser settings, your opt-out will be saved but it may not be carried with you if you choose to use another browser or log-in from another computer. You should check your browser settings each time you open a new browser or log-in from a different computer.

Additionally, Monster uses “Flash cookies”, also known as “Local Shared Objects”, to preserve video player settings and for user authentication purposes. You can adjust your settings for your Flash cookies here.Monster has areas on the Web Site where you can submit feedback. Any feedback that is submitted through this area becomes the property of Monster. We may use this feedback at any time for any purposes, such as success stories for marketing purposes, or to contact you for further feedback on the Web Site.Security
You are responsible for ensuring that your log-in credentials (your username and password) are kept confidential.

Monster has implemented technical and organizational measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure. Notwithstanding such measures, the Internet is an open system and we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes. Moreover, one of our primary purposes is to provide you with a platform to broadcast the information in your resume and profile widely in order to maximize your career opportunities. Such an environment does present a risk that unauthorized third parties will view this data, so you should refer to our Security Center for additional information on conducting a safe job search. Further, your resume should not contain any sensitive data that you would not want made public. You should be aware that resumes may be monitored by your current employer.

We also use cookies, web beacons, and Java Script to administer our site and deliver a personalized experience. For additional detailed information on each of these, please see below.

Children
We do not specifically collect information about children. We believe that children should get their parents. consent before giving out personal information. If you are concerned about your child.s use of Monster, we encourage you to use Web filtering technology to supervise your child.s access to the Web Site. We also encourage you to participate in your child.s experience with Monster. With a little guidance, the Web Site can prove very useful in finding a part time or summer job for your child, as well as providing them with excellent career counselling informationIf we decide to materially change the substance of this Privacy Statement, we will, where required, contact you via the email address that you maintain in your profile. We will also post those changes through a prominent notice on the web site so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information, and to whom we will disclose it.

Thank you for using Monster. We are committed to providing you with the best tools and advice to help you get ahead in your career. We welcome your feedback and suggestions. Please contact us by calling or email info@monsterindia.comIf, at any time, you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Statement or believe that we have not adhered to this Privacy Statement, please feel free to contact us online at PrivacyPolicy@Monsterindia.com or at :

By post / mail :L D Pandey, Legal Department,
Monster.com India Private Limited
Tapasya Building, 6th Floor,
Plot No. 5 EFGH, Sector-126.
Noida, 201301, U.P., IndiaBy telephone : 0120-4024100
We will use reasonable efforts to answer promptly your question or resolve your problem.Cookies: Monster uses "cookies" to help personalize and maximize your online experience and time online, including for storing user preferences, improving search results and ad selection, and tracking user trends.

A cookie is a text file that is either stored in your computer's memory temporarily (a “session” cookie) or placed on your hard drive (a “persistent” cookie) by a Web page server. Cookies are not used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to your computer and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.

When you return to the Monster site, cookies enable us to retrieve the information you previously provided, so you can easily use the features that you customized. Because of our use of cookies, we can deliver faster and more accurate results and a more personalized site experience. For example, if you personalize Monster pages, or register for services, a cookie helps us to recall your specific information (such as user name, password and preferences).

We predominately use “session” cookies, which are not permanently stored on your hard drive. Session cookies expire after two hours of inactivity or when you close your browser. When you carry out a job search or apply online a large amount of data is processed by our system and transferred through each page of the search or application process. This information includes your job search criteria, data that identifies your resume, covering letter, the job you are applying for, your right to work in the relevant country and the results of any questionnaire you have completed as part of the online application process as well as demographic information that is not unique to you. “Session” cookies allow us to keep track of this data until you have completed your search or application. We also use cookies to identify users who have been banned from using our forums for behavior that contradicts our terms of use and to track click streams, for load balancing and to enable you to navigate through the site using redirection pages.

We use “persistent” cookies primarily to ensure that we do not show you pages that you have already seen and to personalize your site experience and save you time. “Persistent” Cookies enable us to recognize whether you have responded to any poll or seen an advertisement or information notice placed on the site so that we do not show you the poll, advertisement or notice again the next time you visit our site. If you are a recruiter and have an alliance arrangement in place with Monster we also use “persistent” cookies to recall your alliance status and display your correct pricing information when you access our site. The “persistent” cookies we use will remain on your computer after you have left our site and will expire when you log out of the Site or 60 days after your last visit for security cookies, 90 days after your last visit for poll response and alliance cookies, or two years after your last visit for advertisement and information notice cookies.

We also allow other companies to display advertisements to you while you are visiting our Sites. Because your web browser must request these advertisements from the other companies. servers, these companies can view, edit or set their own cookies, just as if you had requested a web page from their site. Monster has no control over, and is not responsible for, the practices of those third party advertisers. Monster encourages you to review the policies of such advertisers.

You will find additional information about the following third party ad servers at www.doubleclick.com; www.atlassolutions.com/privacy; andwww.omniture.com/en/privacy. We use other third party ad servers as well; a way to opt out of third party cookies is to modify your browser settings to decline cookies as described at the end of this statement. You may also click here to see a list of many of the companies that Monster works with in connection with serving personalized ads. Otherwise, if you do not wish to allow your session visitation information on our Sites to be aggregated and analyzed by Omniture, or used by Omniture to tailor dynamic content to your specific interests, you may utilize the following opt out mechanism www.omniture.com/en/privacy/policy#optout.

We use persistent cookies and related technologies (such as web beacons described below) to determine and track direct and indirect candidate application traffic in response to Job Postings either on Monster or on the websites of third parties through Monster's Career-Ad-Network (described below). We also allow persistent third party cookies as part of online advertising campaigns to determine and track site traffic landing from Monster's advertising banners that have been placed on the websites of third parties. The data collected via these cookies is anonymous and the information is not linked to your personally identifiable information without your permission. The “persistent” cookies placed by our third party ad servers will remain on your computer after you have left our site for up to 20 years unless you choose to delete them.

We also use “persistent” cookies in connection with our Career Ad Network (“CAN”). The CAN cookie is used to display relevant job ads to you on Monster and when you visit other web sites. The information collected by the CAN cookie is treated in accordance with the policies and practices described in our Privacy Statement above. The “persistent” cookie we use in CAN will remain on your computer after you have left our site and will expire six months after it was set.

You have the ability to update or opt-out of the CAN cookie by clicking on the following link: http://can.monster.com/cookie-technology.aspx. Monster enforces your opt-out of CAN by setting a “blocking cookie”. In order for the blocking cookie to work on your computer, your browser must be set to accept third party cookies. The blocking cookie for CAN will last for five years; however, if you delete your browser cookies, your opt-out cookie, as well as any updates you may have made, will also be deleted. In addition, your opt-out only applies in the browser you are using at the time you opt-out and only on the computer you are using at such time. If you buy a new computer, change web browsers or delete this cookie, you will need to perform the opt-out task again. Opting-out of the CAN cookie does not mean you will no longer receive online advertising from CAN. It does mean that the ads delivered to you by CAN will no longer be tailored to your Web browsing patterns. Once you opt-out CAN no longer maintains a targeting cookie on your computer, so the ads will be general in nature and could be repetitive.

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

You have the ability to accept or decline cookies at any time by modifying your browser settings. See below for instructions. If you choose to decline cookies, however, that may hinder performance and negatively impact your experience on the web site.

Additionally, Monster uses “Flash cookies”, also known as “Local Shared Objects”, to preserve video player settings and for user authentication purposes. You can adjust your settings for your Flash cookies here.

Web Beacons: Monster Web pages and the Web pages of our partners also utilize electronic images known as Web beacons (sometimes called single-pixel gifs, clear gifs or action tags) that allow us to collect certain information about users. visits to these Web pages (including the number of users who have visited those pages), measure and improve the effectiveness of advertisements and job postings, and deliver co-branded services. Web beacons are not used to access your personally identifiable information; they are a technique used to compile aggregated statistics about web site usage. Web beacons collect only a limited set of information including a cookie number, time and date of page view and a description of the page on which the Web beacon resides. This information may be shared with third party processors for processing on behalf of Monster, as well as with clients, partners, and other third parties so that they can understand the kinds of visitors to the Web pages, how those visitors use those Web Pages, and the effectiveness of their advertisements and job postings. (You will find information about a current third-party processor used by Monster at www.atlassolutions.com. We may use other third party processors as well.)

Because Web beacons are the same as any other content request included in the recipe page, you cannot opt out or refuse them. However, they can be rendered ineffective by either opting out of cookies or changing the cookie setup in your browser.

JavaScript: Monster also uses JavaScript, for example, within certain advertisements. JavaScript is a script language that enhances the functionality of websites, particularly in respect to pictures. We are not collecting any personal data via JavaScript but use it to inform employers about how many applicants have clicked on email addresses embedded in their job ads, for example. You may deactivate JavaScript via your browser settings or activate it the same way. If you disable JavaScript you will not be able to use some of the functions of the website.AOL Privacy Policy

This privacy policy applies to the information AOL Inc. collects about you from any device you use to access AOL products, services, software, websites, and other goods and services offered, owned, or operated by AOL Inc. (collectively “Services”). Some of these Services may provide you with additional information and choices about your privacy, which you should review.

This policy does not apply to information about you collected by third party websites and offerings linked to or otherwise accessible from AOL. The information collected or received by third parties is subject to their own privacy policies.We collect or receive information about your interactions with AOL. Registering with AOL is optional and we may collect information even if you do not register. Depending on how you use AOL's Services, your AOL information may include:

registration-related information (such as name, addresses, e-mail addresses, telephone numbers, birth date, or gender);
information about the AOL Services that you use, how frequently you use them (such as your use of email or instant messenger); and your responses to the offerings and advertisements presented on AOL or other features made available by AOL, including those available on third party websites;
information about the searches you perform through AOL Services and how you use the results of those searches;
personal financial information related to the use of AOL financial features (such as My Portfolios). Your use of AOL financial features is subject to additional privacy terms.
transaction-related information (such as credit card or other preferred means of payment, billing or shipping information, or a history of products purchased through AOL);
customer service information about you as an AOL user;
location data and other information about devices used to access and interact with AOL; or
other information specifically related to your use of Services, including information that you publicly post using tools made available by AOL.

Your AOL information may be supplemented with additional information from other companies such as publicly available information, information about households, and other information which we may append or match to your AOL information.

AOL may also receive or collect certain technical information when you use our Services. This may include: your browser or operating system, your manner of connecting to the Internet (including the type of device you are using) and the name of your Internet service provider or wireless carrier; your Internet protocol (IP) address; information about AOL Services that you used prior to registering with AOL; and data relating to malfunctions or problems occurring when you use AOL Services. Additionally, we may collect information about other software on your device for the limited purpose of protecting your security or improving your online experience.Your AOL information is used for purposes that include:

to operate and improve the Services available through AOL;
to personalize the content and advertisements provided to you (including to present offers to you on behalf of business partners and advertisers);
to fulfill your requests for products, programs, and services;
to communicate with you and respond to your inquiries;
to conduct research about your use of AOL; and
to help offer you other products, programs, or services that may be of interest.

AOL may use cookies, web beacons, or other technologies in combination with your AOL information to enhance and personalize your experience on AOL.

AOL may use information about your use of certain communication tools (for example, AOL e-mail or AOL Instant Messenger); however, when you use AOL communication tools, AOL does not read your private online communications without your consent.AOL does not rent or sell your AOL information (such as name, address, telephone number, screen name, and credit card information) to third parties for their marketing purposes. AOL may share your AOL information with third parties to provide products and services you have requested, when we have your consent, or as described in this Privacy Policy.

Your AOL information may be shared with sites and services consistent with this Privacy Policy. You have choices about how your AOL information is used.

The contents of your online communications, as well as other information about you as an AOL user, may be accessed and disclosed under the following circumstances: in response to lawful governmental requests or legal process (for example, a court order, search warrant or subpoena), in other circumstances in which AOL has a good faith belief that a crime has been or is being committed by an AOL user, that an emergency exists that poses a threat to the safety of you or another person, when necessary either to protect the rights or property of AOL, or for us to render the service you have requested.

Please note that if you use AOL communications tools to disclose information about yourself publicly (for example, in chat rooms or online message boards made available by AOL), others outside of AOL may obtain access to information you provide.

AOL's offerings may include features or functionalities provided by third parties. In the process of providing such functionalities within AOL Services, your browser may automatically send certain technical information to the third party provider. The use of these third-party provided features or functionalities is subject to their own privacy policies.

Business partners or other third parties may receive data about groups of AOL users, but do not receive information that personally identifies you.

We may use agents and contractors in order to help operate AOL. Their use of information is limited to these purposes.

In the event that ownership of AOL was to change as a result of a merger, acquisition, or transfer to another company, your AOL information may be transferred. If such a transfer results in a material change in the use of your AOL information, you will be provided notice about the choices you have to decline to permit such a transfer.Your AOL information may be used for the presentation of advertisements. AOL may use ad networks to customize and display advertising on AOL Services. AOL may share certain information about you as a user (such as age, zip code, or other information we have collected or received) with certain ad network and service providers to help them deliver more relevant content and advertisements through their networks. You can learn more about advertising displayed on AOL as well as how you can control the use of your AOL information for such advertising.AOL provides you with access to your registration information and any billing or shipping information as well as the ability to edit this information and to cancel AOL fee-based Services at My Account.
Visit AOL Marketing Preferences to review your AOL marketing preferences and make choices about how your AOL information may be used to provide marketing offers to you. These preferences do not apply to communications that are directly related to your registration with AOL or the fulfillment of a specific transaction you have requested (for example, a service advisory from AOL or an acknowledgment of a purchase order).
Visit AOL Advertising, Analytics, and Privacy to learn more about your choices related to online advertising.
Some AOL Services (AOL Search and Netscape ISP, for example) may also offer you the ability to manage and control information collected or used when you use these services.AOL has established safeguards to help prevent unauthorized access to or misuse of your AOL information, but cannot guarantee that your information will never be disclosed in a manner inconsistent with this Privacy Policy (for example, as a result of unauthorized acts by third parties that violate applicable law or AOL and its affiliated providers' policies). To protect your privacy and security, we may use passwords or other technologies to register or authenticate you and enable you to take advantage of AOL Services, and before granting access or making corrections to your AOL information.AOL Services are intended for a general audience.  We do not knowingly collect, use, or disclose personal information from children under the age of 13 without prior parental consent, except as permitted by the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act.  By providing your consent in such circumstances, you agree that your child may use all AOL Services and that we may collect, use, and disclose your child's personal information consistent with this privacy policy.

If you have questions concerning our information practices with respect to children, or if you would like to review, have deleted, or stop the further collection of your child's personal information, you may contact us:
By mail:
AOL Children's Online Privacy
ATT: H2A:H09
22000 AOL Way
Dulles, VA 20166-9302
By phone: (888) 206-6088

By email
For a list of the types of authorized third parties that may collect personal information through the AOL Services, please visit Advertising, Analytics, and Privacy.If you have any questions or concerns about the AOL Privacy Policy or its implementation, you may contact us.

AOL has been awarded TRUSTe's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe's program requirements including transparency, accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information. The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through downloadable software. TRUSTe's mission, as an independent third party, is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions. If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices, please contact us. If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe.AOL may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, and so you should review this Policy periodically. If there are significant changes to AOL's information practices, you will be provided with appropriate online notice. You may be provided other privacy-related information in connection with your use of offerings from AOL as well as for special features and services not described in this Policy that may be introduced in the future.

European Union Residents:  AOL adheres to the EU-US Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of Notice, Choice, Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity, Access and Enforcement, and is registered with the U.S. Department of Commerce's Safe Harbor Program.



To read the Conditions of Use in PDF format using "Adobe  Acrobat  Reader ", click here.
If you do not have Acrobat  Reader , you can download it by clicking hereOn the Mappy website (hereinafter "the Website"), the company Mappy (hereinafter "Mappy") currently offers a range of online services intended to assist with mobility and travel, including maps, route planning, local searches, the My Mappy personal area (hereinafter collectively "the Service"). Use of the Website and the Service implies unconditional acceptance of the Conditions of Use (hereinafter "the Conditions of Use").Mappy may amend the Conditions of Use at any time. You are therefore advised to periodically check the latest version of the Conditions of Use available on the Website.Access to the My Mappy Service is reserved strictly for individuals, for non-professional and non-commercial purposes, and is subject to prior registration.

When registering for the Service, you must send Mappy the requested personal details, ensuring that this data is accurate and up to date. In the event of any change in your personal details, you should update them immediately on the My Mappy Service.You are solely responsible for the use of your selected password and for the email address you entered when registering for the My Mappy Service, as well as for all consequences, in particular financial, arising from such use. You must keep this information confidential and inform Mappy of any unauthorised use of your log-in details (password and/or email address).

Should Mappy have any reason to believe that the security of your log-in information has been compromised, it reserves the right to suspend your access to the My Mappy Service.You hereby expressly acknowledge and accept that you may not use the Website and the Service for illegal purposes. You agree to use the Website and the Service in accordance with prevailing legislation, and in general, to refrain from harming the interests, renown, reputation or brand image of Mappy.

With regard to the My Mappy Service, you agree in particular to comply with standards of good behaviour on the Internet. Therefore, you must not (the following is a non-exhaustive list):
send unsolicited mass email messages to different recipients, or repeatedly to a single recipient
disseminate, transmit, send or view, irrespective of the format, any content of a xenophobic or racist nature, that incites racial hatred, relates to paedophilia or pornography, causes incitement to murder, that is defamatory or injurious
disseminate, transmit, send or view, irrespective of the format, any content that infringes the rights of third parties, in particular copyright, trademarks, patents, designs and models, or any other intellectual property right or privacy right
attempt to present yourself as another person or entity, falsify or delete legal notices or other information
drestrict or prevent another person's use of the Website or the Service
delete the copyright or trademark notices, or other information relating to property rights contained on the Website or the Service
delete or modify, in any way whatsoever, information relating to copyright, authors' rights, trademarks or any other information relating to property rights contained on the Website or the Service. You may be held responsible for any unauthorised copying or disclosure of such information
use a robot, a spider, a website search/recovery application or any other device intended to recover or index all or part of the Website or the Service, or to collect information on users for an unauthorised purpose
create user accounts by means of automated methods or under false or fraudulent pretexts
promote or provide instructions relating to illegal activities, cause incitement to harm the physical integrity of a group or an individual
and, transmit any viruses, worms, errors, Trojans horses or other destructive elements.
You must also agree to follow the instructions that appear on your screen when browsing the Website.

Finally, to report any matter or behaviour that you feel to be illegal, send an email to support.www.mappy.fr@mappy.fr or contact@pointdecontact.net.You expressly acknowledge and accept that components of the Website, irrespective of their nature, i.e. the databases that constitute the Website (hereinafter collectively "the Database"), the software used to query the Database, the results of your Database enquiries, brands, logos, distinctive marks, advertising content displayed on the Website, etc. (hereinafter collectively "the Contents") are protected by intellectual property laws.

Consequently, you must respect the rights that apply to these Contents. You may not therefore:
modify, reproduce, use on any media whatsoever, represent, disseminate, publish by any means, integrate, incorporate or commercialise, in any way and in any format whatsoever, the Contents, whether in full or in part.
modify, remove, alter, move, in whole or in part and by any means, the various property and copyright notices that appear on the screens.
extract, directly or indirectly, by permanent or temporary transfer, the entire content of the Database, or a qualitatively or quantitatively substantial part thereof, to any platform, by any means and in any form.
re-use, by placing in the public domain, the entire content of the Database, or a qualitatively or quantitatively substantial part thereof, irrespective of the format.
and, repeatedly extract or reuse qualitatively or quantitatively non-substantial parts of the Database content, where such operations exceed normal usage.
